You know that what I do is write for kids, and in fact, I'm probably the author for kids, more read in the United States.
And I always tell people that I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can see as a farmer or a leather clothes, and no one has chosen a farmer farm.
I'm here today to talk to you about circles and expensives.
And you know that an engineering is usually something that falls you somewhere.
You only have to go back to the apple to see it as an engineering.
That's the painting of a circle.
One friend of mine did that -- Richard Bolici.
It's the kind of complicated circle, which I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the '60s in the middle school in the middle school, in Stanford, Ohio where I was the rare of the class.
When they were beaten up to bleeding every week in the children's bathroom, until a teacher saved my life.
She saved my life by allowing me to enter the teacher's bathroom.
He did it in secret.
For three years.
I had to go from the city.
I had a thumb, and 85 dollars, and ended in San Francisco, California -- I found a lover -- and in the '80s, I felt the need to work in organizations that fight against AIDS.
About three or four years ago, in the middle of the night I received a phone call from that teacher, Mr. Post that said, "I need to see you.
I'm disillusioned that of adults we never got to know.
You could come to Ohio and please bring that man I know you've been found.
And I need to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I'd like you to wake up with this please."
Well, the next day we were in Cleveland, we were in Cleveland, right?
We went to see, we laugh, we cry, we cry, and we realized that she needed to be hyper-conflict.
We found a place, and we got it, and we took care of it, and we took away from his family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And so as the woman I wanted to know as an adult came to me, became a box of centers and it was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle, the circle, had become a circle -- and that end that I told them to become present itself.
The exposure is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and my partner and I saved her from her.
And you know that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs truth and beauty, and I'm very happy that today was talking a lot about this.
It also needs -- it needs dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, the connection is very important for me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express humans are not separate from nature and that everything is interconnected.
I first went to Antarctica about 10 years ago, and I saw my first phones.
I was amazed.
My heart laptops, I was short, trying to understand what I was in front of me.
The plants around me over the water almost 60 meters, and I couldn't even think that was a song of snow on the other year after year.
The iceberg is born when they wake up from glaciers or they break ice bars in ice.
Each iceberg has its own individual personality.
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences.
Some people refuse to replace and they wake up to the end, while others can't make it more and they fall away in a dramatic passion.
It's easy to think, when you see a phone, which are separated and alone, in large measure as we see us sometimes as humans.
But reality is the whole opposite.
As you melt a phone, I'm breathing your ancestral atmosphere.
As you melt a iceberg releasing fresh water in minerals that feed it to many forms of life.
I'm going to try to photograph these phones as if it would be treated from the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that in these unique moments there are in that way and won't come back in that way again.
It's not death when they're dead, it's not a end, but a continuation of their way through the cycle of life.
Some of the ice of the phones that I photograph is very young -- it's a couple thousands of years.
And another part of the ice has over 100,000 years.
The last pictures I'd like to show you are from a iceberg that I photographed in Keralti, Greenland.
It's unlikely to get really ready to actually witness a little strength.
Here it is.
You can see a little boat.
It's about five meters.
And I'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your floating line.
You can see here, it starts to running, the boat has moved to the other side, and the man is there.
This is a green iceberg of the average size.
About the water about 120 feet or 40 meters.
This video is in real time.
And so we, the iceberg shows a different side of his personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, every one by getting a baby. Okay.
So, two couples each with a baby.
I don't want them to stop in the details of consciousness, because if you stop thinking about the concept itself, I'm not going to pay attention.
Let's think about it for a moment.
And on this stage, I want you to imagine that, in a case, the chromosome and the sperm joins to the X chromosome of the egg.
And in the other case, the chromosome X of the sperm is joined the X crystal.
Both of you understand and you start life.
We'll talk about them later.
In my activity I tend to get two roles.
In one of my roles, I work with the story of anatomy.
I am a training history of the formation and what I study in this case is the way people embrace the anatomy -- is to say, from human bodies and animals, and how they have considered body fluid, the idea of body, what they thought about the body.
The other role that I play in my work is an activist, as a patient defender, or, as I say sometimes in the patients of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features challenge social norms.
I've been working for example, for example, with the twin twins, two people within one body.
I've worked with people with endowment, much lower than the average.
And I've worked with many cases of people with alphabet sex, individuals whose physical typography doesn't fit in the male and conventional feminine shapes.
In general, we can call it it intelligence.
The extracting adopted many ways.
I'm going to put some examples in ways of having a sex that doesn't focus on male or female common forms.
For example, there is the case of the individual base of the X cosmic base whose gene gene from the chromosome and tells the professors, that we all have in the physical life, which become terrible.
And then, in the physical life, the testicles produce testosterone.
But because this individual lacks of testosterone, the body doesn't react to the same.
It's the sensory of the antibiotics.
So, there are high testosterone levels, but without reaction.
As a consequence, the body is developed by following a very female courses.
When I was born, the baby has a little girl.
It's a child. It's raised as a child.
And often, it's not until puberty, when it's growing and developing the breast, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when someone realizes that something is happening.
And after doing it exams. You realize that instead of having ovarian and the uterus -- actually it has testicles and a chromosome.
The important thing to understand is that you can think it's about a man, but it's actually not.
Women like men, like men, have in the body something called surrounding glands surface.
They're in the bottom part of the body.
Survey glands produce angiogenesis, the hormone of magnificent.
Most women like me -- I think a typical woman -- I think a typical woman doesn't know how to be a typical woman -- I believe most women like me are sensitive to animations.
We produce angiogenesis, and we respond to the angers.
As a consequence, someone like me has the most exposed brain to the farmers than women who were born with testimony sense of the anticipations of the anticipations.
So sex is a complicated thing. It's not that the intelligent is in the middle of the spectrum -- somehow they can be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago, I received a call from a 19-year-old boy named a 19 year-old boy and raised as a course, had novel, and sexual relationships with it, it took a life as a boy and just discovered that he had a little bit of darkness and work.
I had an extreme way of a disease of known as a corresponding superstar specialist.
I had 20 and a half chromosomes and the surrounding glands were so active that, in essence, created a male hormone environment.
As a consequence, their genetics were machinery, their brain was exposed to the hormone there is typically male complex.
I was born with a child -- no one suspicious anything.
And it was 19 years old, when he started to have medical issues caused by the inner medicine, when doctors found that that actually was a woman in the inside.
Well, another quick example of a case of integration.
Some people with 20th chromosomes develop what's known as optimistics, which is to say, they have dark tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So, there are many varieties of sex.
The reason that kids with these kinds of bodies are -- they are single size, temperature twins, or intellectual surgery -- they are not in order to be able to be able to be a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason you get to various surgeries is that they're a threat for our social categories.
The system is normally based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings up a particular identity.
We have the idea that being a woman is to have female identity -- supposedly being black to mean to have African anatomy in terms of historical terms.
A terribly simplistic idea.
And when you give us a body that shows something quite different, we have trouble with carbon.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture to the individual.
Our nation is based on a very romantic individual concept.
Imagine how amazing it is to have children born like two people within the same body.
The most dry case is last year with the South American corridor, the Cassion Seembery -- he put her sex in the International Game of Berlinder.
A lot of journalists called to ask myself, "What do you test are you going to do to determine whether Castele Seizer is man or woman?
And I had to explain to journalists that don't exist such a test.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we need to admit that nature doesn't trace a line between men and women or between men and men and men and women and women and women and women, and in the world we bring that line.
So what we have is a situation where the more science of science, the more we have to admit that that these categories -- that we thought were stable anatomical categories that correspond directly with stable identity categories -- are much harder than we think.
And it's not just in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that turns out much more complicated than the terminology allows you to be.
As we see, we get into a scary terrain.
Look, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with chimpanzees.
What will we think about the fact that we are just a few nuclear nuclear nuclear?
And as we program in science, we get more and more in an uncomfortable area where we have to recognize that that the simplistic categories that we have probably done are too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in all of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today, are the struggles at the beginning and the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body becomes human and it has different rights than a body becomes human.
There are very swarming discussions today -- maybe not in public -- but I know in the medicine -- and I know when someone is dead.
Our ancestors never had to go to this question of whether someone was dead.
As a lot of they put a pen in front of the nose, and if they were still moved to it.
If I stopped moving it.
But we can, for example, extract vital organs from a body and put them in another body.
And as a result, we have to face to the dilemma of determining the death of someone, and this puts us in a difficult situation where we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And you may think this explosion of categories could actually judge someone like me.
In politics I'm a progressive, depending on people with unusual bodies -- but I have to admit to you nervous.
Considering that these categories are much more unstable.
Think from the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension I have to admit that I am an overwhelming fervent of the fathers Foundation.
I know they were races, I know they were sexuality, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and audio and so radical in what they did, which I find every time looking at that music -- "College "1971 not for music, which is totally passionate.
That's why it happened in 1779 with the Parents Foundation.
The founders of the Foundation were, to me, the first activists of the anatomy of anatomy and explain why.
What they rejected was an anatomical concept and they replaced it with another one that was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years.
And as they all remember, what our founding parents rejected was the idea of the monarchy -- the monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of anatomy.
The old monarchs of the old world didn't know the DNA, but they had clear the idea of the birth right.
They had the concept of blue blood blood.
They were the idea of the political power for the right of blood blood right from the grandfather to the father and then the son, and so on.
The founding fathers rejected that idea and replaced it by a new anatomic concept and that concept was all created equal.
They lived the game field and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the anatomy of the common and not the anatomic differences, that was very radical.
And part of them were doing it because they were doing part of an illustrated system where two things were getting restored.
It was managing democracy and at the same time born science.
And it's very clear -- if we look at the history of the founding parents, that many were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were taking away from the supernatural explanation, and therefore they rejected the concept of supernatural power controlling because they went from an idea of the supernatural power container.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if you look, for example, the Declaration of independence, they talk about nature and the god of nature.
Don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in consequence were the idea of anatomical coincidence.
And by doing so, they were feeling the foundations of the future movement of Civil Rights movement.
They didn't think of it that way, but they did it for us, and it was great.
And what happened next?
And women succeeded.
Then I came up with the success of the Civil Rights movement with people from the Hubble Tree moving out of Starby to say, "I'm not a woman?"
We find men in the rows of the Civil Rights movement saying, "I'm a man."
Again, people of color who applied the anatomical coincidence about the anatomical difference and, again, they succeeded.
Let's see the same thing with the disability movement.
The problem is, of course, as we look at the consumptions we have to start asking for why we keep certain divisions.
But attention, I want to keep some anatomical division in our culture.
So for example, I don't want to give a fish the same rights to a human.
I don't mean we need to stand up with it.
I don't want to say that to the children of five, to be allowed to have sexual relationships or married.
There are some anatomic division that make sense, and I think we should keep going.
But the challenge is trying to figure out what they are, why keep them and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two concepts at the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings, both concepts in the middle of the 1969 exactly the same day.
Imagine that one of them, Mary was born three months before time -- June 1, 1980.
Henry was born in the contrary, in terms of March 1 in 1980.
For the only fact of having been born three months before Mary was attributed to all the rights three months before Henry -- the right to sexual consent, the right to vote, the right to the drink.
Henry has to wait for all of that not because it has a different biological age, but because it was born later.
We find other barriers in relation to their rights.
Henry, in virtue of being considered to be a man -- if I haven't told them if it's X-ray, in virtue of being considered to be a man now is possible of the mandatory exception that Mary doesn't have to worry about.
Mary for its part, it doesn't have the same rights to the marriage that Henry in every state, for example.
Henry can be married in all states with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman just in some states.
So you still feel anatomical categories that are in several ways are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is: What do we do now that the science advanced so much in the field of anatomy that we came to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on anatomy could be deforested?
I don't want to give to science but at the same time, sometimes I feel like science is scarces us.
Where are we going?
It seems that what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude -- "Well, we have to trace the line somewhere, so we're going to do it."
But a lot of people get stuck in a rare position.
So for example, Texas at some point has decided that to marry a man in order to marry a man you don't have to get chromosome and to marry a woman you have to marry it.
Now, in practice they don't make common exams.
But this is also very strange.
If we look at one of the founding fathers in modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech, "I have to do "drone dragon."
It says that we should judge people by being based on not the color of their skin, but in the content of their character, going beyond the anatomy.
And I mean, "Yes, the idea seems very good.
But in practice, how do you do?
How do we judge people based on the content of their face?
I want to point out also, I'm not sure that I am not sure that we should be based on them to make them right to people, because I have to admit that I know some gold retrofits that probably deserve the social services that some human I know.
I also want to say that maybe some of the labs that I know can make more informed decisions, smart and mature decisions about their sexual relationships that people from 40 I know.
So how do you put into practice the subject of content content?
It turns out very difficult.
And one part of me is wondering what happens if the character of a person could in the future will be measured with an instrument, maybe with a magnetic resonance magnetic.
Do we really want to get at that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that America is still going to guide this stream of thinking about the issue of democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we're going to do good work in the future.
We don't live, for example, in a context like anger in which a man who feels attracted by other men is susceptible to be killed unless it's willing to take a sex change, in which case is allowed to live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm glad to tell you that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I talked about a couple years ago that I had made a couple of years ago that I had made six vegetables and so on.
But when I asked the phone, I asked the reason the eye of operation -- it was a very risky operation, and I said that in that other country these kids would be very married and so I had to do.
To what I said, "Well, has the political asylum.
The United States offers huge possibilities to people who are without forcing them to change for the good.
So I think we need to be in the head.
Well, to finish I mean I've been talking a lot about the parents.
And I want to think of how democracy would be democracy, or it might have been given more participation to mothers.
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist -- and it is that I think there can be different ideas come from different anatomic types, particularly if there are people thinking about group.
Since years I've been interested in intelligence, I've also been interested in researching sexual difference.
And one of the things that has interested me is the differences between men and women in the way of thinking and operating in the world.
And what we know about the cross-cultural studies is that women, on average, tend to pay more attention to complex social relations and to care of those who are vulnerable in the group of the complex social relationships.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
A years ago, when I was in the graduate one, one of my advances I knew I was interested in the feminist -- I was interested in feminist -- as I now made me a strange plant."
"Tell me what feminist feminist?"
And I thought, "It's the most stupid question I've ever heard.
Feminism has to do with rid of gender stereotypes, so there's nothing female in the feminist."
But the more I have thought about the question, the more it has seemed to me that there's something female in the feminist.
I mean, there might be something, in average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more attention to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So while the parents were very reluctant to find a way to protect people on the state of to people in the state, it's possible that, to have more mothers to this concept, maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with according to accountable support.
And maybe that's what we need to do in the future when we take democracy beyond analysis: think less in the body, in terms of identity, and think more about the relationships.
So while we try to create a more perfect Union, we think of what we do for each other.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided we had to rethink how we thought about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where it wants to go to live and work -- have the possibility to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents.
Well, we are far away from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't count with a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they value much more than their construction cost.
So we could easily deliver the world tens of tens of perhaps hundreds of new cities.
Well, this may sound absurd if they've never thought about new cities.
But they just replace them for apartment buildings.
Imagine half that half of those who wanted to live in apartments were already owned and that in the other half a half.
They could try to increase the ability by making amazing amphilos in all existing buildings.
But you know that the problem that you face is that those buildings and the areas that surrounded them in order to avoid the dolphins and the distractions of building construction.
So it would be very difficult to do all those appropriates.
But they could go to a completely new place, build a completely new apartment building building, always and when the rules of that place the construction instead of the construction instead of them.
So I proposed that governments create new enough reform areas to hold cities, and I gave them a name, and I gave them a name, statical cities.
Later I found out about the same time, James and October at the same time, James and October were thinking about the Honormal responsibility.
They knew that every year around 75,000 horses would come out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and make those same things in Honotan.
In the summer of 2009, Honduras.
In the next regular elections, Peace Lobe was about a platform in which I promised reforms and at the same time recognition.
I asked Ocean to be his head of cabinet.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a talk at TEDWomen.
Through a process of perception, trial and error, and a lot of trials with users, tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under state to their most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of norms, like those rules that say you can't go and bother all the current residents of apartment.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies, but it takes so much of technologies like normal technologies to progress -- and usually it's the rules that keep us forward.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala. Water sent to October a link with TEDTalk.
I showed you James.
They called me me.
They said, "Let's do this to the leaders of our country.
So in December we met in Miami in a hotel conference room.
And I tried to explain to this point about how valuable cities, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this image that shows the values of the land in a place like New York -- think -- land -- in some cases, worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion and at some time, when there was a pause, October said, "Dad, maybe we could see the video of TED Talk."
And the talk is to describe in very simple terms that a city under statue is a place where you start with the popular land, a status that specifies the rules that will apply to there and an option so that people can choose to choose whether they want to go or not live under those norms.
So the president of Honotan calls me, and he told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the path for our country forward.
He asked me to go to Meladian and I would talk again about four and five in January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which I included an image like this, which was trying to explain that to generate value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Dennet and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denevita.
Only this airport covers over 100 square miles.
So I was trying to convince the honors that to build a new city, you have to start with a site that measures at least 1,000 square miles.
That's over 100,000 acres.
Everybody applauded content.
The public faces were very serious and attention.
The Congress leader came up to the platform and said, "Professor Rome, thank you very much for his talk, but maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk.
I have here in my computer."
So I sat and showed the TEDTalk.
And this explained the essentials -- that a new city can offer new choices for people.
There would be a city of a city that you could go to the city that you could be in Honotan, instead of hundreds of miles away north.
And it also includes new options for leaders.
Because the government leaders of the Indian government would need help countries with associated countries, could benefit from the associated countries that would help them set up and make the standards of the status so that everybody could trust the status effectively come up.
We went and we saw a site.
This picture is there.
It could easily absorb a thousand square miles.
And soon after that, the 19 of January, they voted in Congress to teach their Constitution and to add their Constitution and add a constitutional willingness to the developing special regions.
In a country that had just gone through this painful crisis, the voting in Congress in the Congress in favor of this constitutional experiment was 124 to one.
All the parties, all the factors in society in society, they refused it.
To include the Constitution, you have to pass twice in Congress.
The 17th of February, again again in another voting of 115,000 to one.
Immediately, after the voting of 21 to 24 to 24 of February, a delegation of about 30 Indian honeybees was two places in the world that are more interested in participating in the city of cities.
One is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new big center of the city that's built in South Korea, it's bigger than the center of Boston.
Everything you see there was built in four years after they spent four years getting the permission.
The other country interested in building cities is Syndimenian.
In fact, they've already built two cities in China, and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this practical way, this is the point where we are.
They have a site, and they're already thinking about a second city.
They're preparing a legal system that would allow the administrators to come in, and at the time let them operate under an external legal system system.
A country has already been committed to allowing his Court Court to be the last instance for this new justice system.
There are urban and constructive cities that are very interested in the project.
You can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know that you've solved is that they have a good number of inhabitants.
There are many companies who want to install in the Americas, especially in a place with a free trade area, and there's a lot of people who would like to go to living there.
There are 700 million people who say they would like to change them immediately to the other place.
There's a million a year coming out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave their family to go back to their family to get a job, sometimes they're sound mothers who have to win money to just eat or buy clothes.
Unfortunately, sometimes even kids who are trying to meet with their parents who haven't seen, in some cases, in a decade.
So what does it look like to do in the building of a new city in Honotandy" in Honotanalists?"
Or build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these all over the world?
What does it look like to do to insist that families can choose to choose between various cities that are competing to attracting new residents?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my Indian friends asked me to say, "Thank you" TED.
I'm Jesus, and this is my voice.
But before I show you what's inside, I'm going to make a public conference, and it is that, I live obsessed with the suits.
I love to find, dress, and more recently, photograph and publish in my blog blogger, colorful and different brown blog, colorful and different self-confidence.
But I don't buy anything new.
All my clothes in a second hand of market suits and seconds of second hand.
Oh, thank you.
Second hand in the second hand allows me to reduce the impact of my warrior in the environment and in my wallet.
I come to meet interesting people, usually my money goes to a good cause. My aspect is unique. and buy become my personal search search staff.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
Is it my step?
Would I like color color?
Is it cost less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel like I won.
Going back to the theme of my journey, I want to tell you what I packaged for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what brings someone to the whole clothes?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I did.
I've taken seven pairs of inner clothes, and nothing else.
Internal clothes for exactly a week is all I put in my voice.
I imagine it would be able to find everything else that I want to use after I get here to Palm Septembers.
And because they don't know me like the woman walking through TED in inner clothes,  that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the sets for this week.
Isn't it amazing?
As I do, I'm also going to tell you some of the life lessons that, believe it or not, I've learned in this adventure of not using new clothing.
Let's start with Sunday.
I call this brilliant tiger.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to see well.
You almost always see it for less than 50 dollars.
All of the set of the set, including the jacket, I was costing me 55 -- and it's the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
Lung," color is energy.
It's almost physically impossible to be in bad humor, when you're looking at a brilliant red plant.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars integration is survival.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time.
I just know yourself.
If you're surrounded by the right people, you're not just going to understand you, you'll also appreciate you.
Miracles: Wow. The child you carry in.
Sometimes people tell me that it seems to be playing destructions, or I remind their seven years.
I like to go on and say, "Thank you. Thank you.
Woman: The trust is key.
If you think you see something, it's almost sure you are.
And if you think you don't see you, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until 30 years that I really understood their meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your interior and outside, you don't look at you you can't attract you.
So there's no excuse for anyone in this audience.
We need to be able to achieve everything we want to do.
Thank you.
Voice: A universal truth six words for you: the strangers are going with everything.
And finally, salary, salt to destroyed a personal and unique thing is a great way of telling the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tested it over and over again when people approached this week, just by what I was using this week, and we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously, all of this is not going to go into my little valley.
So before I go home to Brooklyn, Brooklyn, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you need to leave behind certain things.
I don't need to fit emotionally to these things, because in the corner of the corner, there will always be another crazy suit, colored and bright suit, if there's a little bit of love in my heart and search for a little bit of love.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide in two parts.
The left side, which is the logical part, and the right side, which is the intuitive.
So if we used a scale to measure the adocament of every hemisphere, we could design a plane of our brains.
For example, this would be someone who is completely logical.
This would be someone who is totally intuitive.
So where are your brain on this scale?
Some of them would be optimized by one of these extreme things, but I think for most of the integrate of this audience, their brain is something like this -- with a great attitude in both hemisphere at the same time.
It's not that they're mutually exclusive.
You can be logic and intuitive.
I consider one of those people, which just like most of the other experimental quantum physicists, we need quite logical enough to conquer these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need quite a lot of intuition to make experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuition -- well, we like to play with things.
We get to play with them, and then we see how they react. And then we develop our intuition from that point.
And you do the same thing.
Certain intuition that you may have developed over the years is the one that says that one thing can be only one place at once.
I mean, it can sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you don't born with this notion, they developed.
I remember looking at a child playing in a parking bar.
It was a small child and didn't do it very well, it always fell down.
But I bet that the playing bar with that parking station taught a valuable lesson, and it is that big things don't allow them to transplant, and they remain in place.
This is a great conceptual model that you can have in the world, except you're a particle physics.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist because they don't play with parking battles, play with these strange little particles.
And when they play with their particles, they discover that they do all kinds of really rare things -- like they can go through walls, or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all of these observations, and they called quantum mechanics.
At that point, the physics was the physicist for a few years behind, needed quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But you don't need it to describe the big objects around us every day.
That didn't fit very well to my intuition, and maybe it is because it doesn't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not much.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, no one ever saw a particles.
But it didn't fit right to my logical part.
Because if everything is made of little particles and all the little particles follow on the principles of quantum mechanics, then shouldn't it all follow the principles of quantum mechanics, right?
I don't find the reason why I shouldn't should.
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow demonstrate that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object you see that has been in a quantum mechanics.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle.
That's the metal little that I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I am going to expand a little bit of a little bit in the center.
And then here we do a good approach to the small metal train.
So what we see is a little bit of metal little story, which is the form of trade and supported in a platform.
And then I did this almost the same way you do a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip, and I started working all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to make this work with the form of a swimming pilot.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum overlap in a quantum support, but for it a little help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in an elevator full of people.
I mean, when I'm in a elevator alone, I do all kinds of weird stuff, but then when other people get up to do those things, because I don't want them to download those things, because I don't want them to be more about it.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The journey of inanimate objects are not just people, it's also the light that shines it and the wind that happens to their side and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this metal piece to behave according to quantum mechanics, we would have to push all the other passengers passenger.
And that's what we did.
We turn the lights off, then we introduced an aspiration and we extracted all the air, and then we cooled it into a temperature of less than one degree above the absolute zero.
Now, when you're only in the elevator -- the little metal piece is free to act as you want.
So we measured their movements.
We found it moving in very strange ways.
Instead of staying perfectly still, I was vibrating, and the way it was vibrating was as a breathing in this form -- as a force that expands and contract.
And by giving you a smooth pull, we can make it virtual and not vibrate at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that a vibrant and no violin at the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In one case, all the triplets of atoms that make that piece of metal are still, and at the same time those atoms are moving up and down.
It's only just in certain places when those are blocked up.
In the rest of the time they're delivered.
It means every atom is in two different places at the same time, which means that all the metal piece is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
I was worth to get in a clean room to do this for all of those years, because, look at this, the scale difference between one atom and that metal piece is more or less the same as the difference between that little metal and you.
So if a single atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that metal piece can be in two different places, why don't you too?
I mean, it's my logical part that talks about.
So imagine if they were in several places at the same time, what would that be?
How do you act your consciousness if your body was deforested in space?
There's another part of history.
And it's when we heat it, and we turn the lights and we look inside the box, and we see in the box, we see that the metal was there in one piece.
And I was able to get to this new intuition -- seemingly all the objects in the elevator are actually just quantum objects that are just done in a small space.
You hear a lot about quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more than that, it's deeper.
So that connections, your connections to all the things that surround you, literally define who you are. And that's the profound risk of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Amys.
And it was 18 months ago I did another job in Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss who is here and allowed me to take it out.
It took me 18 months ago.
A lot of negotiations and stories and stories, I assure it with 17 very interesting museums of nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on it.
There are lots of stories of why we did.
I think my own story is just explained simply in this slide and this is the access.
I grew up in India.
I have a great education -- I don't complain -- but I didn't have access to many of these museums and artwork.
So when I started traveling and going to museums, I started learning a lot.
And working on Google, I try to make the desire to make it more accessible through technology.
So we formed a team, a great team of people, and we started doing it.
Better than I show you a couple of interesting things that we have led to a couple interesting things that we have led to their launch.
So, we just go to Google.
Look around the museum that there is.
There's the Second German, the Moma, the Emily, the Reministry, the Roman Van Vage.
I'm actually going to go into one of my favorite favorite, the Metropolitan Museum in New York City.
There are two ways to do it -- very simple.
We click out, and mayor, we're already inside the museum.
It doesn't matter where you are, Bomba or Michela, that doesn't matter.
You move around and they're diversing.
Would you want to navigate the museum?
We opened up the plane top, and with one click, we jumped inside.
They're inside, they want to go at the end of the hallway that they want to go.
Keep forward. They diverge."
Explorer.
Thank you, but I haven't reached the best.
Now I'm in front of one of my favorite paintings, "The Firefists of Pietar Berkeley in the Metrops.
I see the sign + I see.
If the museum shows us the image, we click out there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here is all the media information.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click out there, but I'm going to click on here right now.
And this is one of the images that we've captured in what we call the giving technology.
So this image, for example, contains it, about 10,000 million pixels of peaks.
And there are many people who ask me, "What do you get with 10,000 people who are a picture?
So I'm going to show you what you really get around 10,000 peaces.
You can do it around very simple.
You see fun things that are happening.
I love this guy, his expression has no price.
But if you really want to go deep.
So I started playing, and I met something that happened there.
And I said, "A moment, this seems interesting."
I came and found out that kids were actually playing something.
I was a little research -- I talked to some of the people from the Metrops, and I really discovered that this is a game called "Unither" which is in hitting a wave with a stick.
And apparently it was very popular.
I don't know why they did, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get even deeper and you'll see that you can actually get the cracks.
Now just to give you a little perspective, I'm going to get away the image, so you really see what there is.
This is where we were, and this is painting.
The best is to come, a second.
So now we're going to quickly jump out again to the MoMA in New York.
Here's another one of my favorites, "The Star night."
The example I showed was to find details.
But what if you want to see the pictures?
What if you want to see how Van Gogh actually created this top teacher?
It increases it and it really does.
I go to one of my favorite parts in this picture, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is the star night," I think I'd never seen it before.
I'm going to show you another favorite functions.
There are a lot of things here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part. It's called "Colors."
All of you, absolutely everyone, doesn't matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a man, that gives the same.
You can live in line to create your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we come in, I've created this function that I call "The PowerPoint of "The PowerPoint of "The Embrandade -- we just do a shoe around.
This is about "The Ambassass at the National Gallery of London.
You can put things out of things, send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel about contemplating these masterpieces are teaching.
So in conclusion, I think for me, the main thing is that all the amazing things really don't really come from Google.
No, in my opinion, they even don't come from museums.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
Actually, they come from those artists.
And that's been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope in this digital medium to do justice to his art and it's represented properly online.
And the big question that they do today is, "You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum music?
And the answer is no.
It's to supplement the experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
I have something to show you.
Think of it a skin, a flying pixel of it.
We call it sensitive design.
Let me tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I am from Italian, all the kids in Italy growing up with this picture on the wall of their bedroom. But the reason I show you this is that there has happened something very interesting in formulas of formula one in the last two decades.
So some time ago, if you wanted to win a formula from Francisco 1, I was a budget and I supported it to a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and pilot were good enough, you won the career.
This is what in engineering, in a real time.
It's essentially a system that has two components -- a sensor and a accessible.
What's interesting today is that real control systems are starting to go into our lives.
Our cities, in the last few years, have been covered from networks and electronics.
They're becoming computers in the air.
And as such, they're starting to respond differently, and they can be detected and accessible.
We will conduct cities is a big thing.
As a result, I want to mention that cities are only two percent of the world's cortex, but they represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of energy consumption and 80 percent of the CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
Beyond the cities, all these decisions and activities are coming into our everyday objects.
This is from an exhibition from Paul Antarctic to the late year at MoMA during the summer.
It's called "Talleton Uncle Me."
Well, our objects, the environment, start to talk to us.
In some ways, it's as though almost all existing atoms became sensors and active.
And that's completely changing the interaction that as humans, we have with the outside environment.
In some sense it's almost like the old dream of Michelangelo Angeles.
You know, when Michelangelo sculpted the Moore, it tells you that at the end he took the hammer and ran it to the Moses -- you still can see a little bit below -- and he said saying, "Per permit" doesn't pain?   What don't you talk about?"
Well, for the first time, our environment starts to talk to us.
And I'm going to show you just just a few examples: insisting on the idea of the environment and access something.
Let's start with definition.
The first project I wanted to share with you is really one of the first projects in our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a summer to the 2006.
It was the year in which Italy won the World Cup of the World Cup Camp.
Maybe some of you remember Italy and France, and at the end City gave the head.
And anyway, at the end won Italy.
Now let's see what happened that day watching activity happened on the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the Collection in the middle of the Terer.
It's morning, before the game.
The time line is at the top.
In the early evening there are people over here, and there are called, moving around.
It starts the party: silence.
Gulf of France, Olympic.
Encelled -- people do a quick call and go to the bathroom.
Second time. End of time.
First extra time extra time.
Civilian, and in a moment, the head.
wins Italy, yeah!
That night everyone went to celebrate it.
There you see the great peak.
The next day everyone went to the center of the winning team and the first minister of then.
And the whole world goes down.
You see the image of the place called Cyrus Muslim, where the Roman period, people are going to celebrate, is a big party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how today you can measure the city in a way that we wouldn't have been able to do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection: it's not about people, but things that we use and consume and we consume.
Today, we know everything about the production of our objects.
This is a map that shows all of the chips that make a Mac -- how they are assembled.
But we know very little about where things are.
So in this project, we develop some small tags to track the trash in its way through the system.
We started with volunteers that helped us in Seattle a little more than one year ago, to label what they were shortening, different kinds of things, as you can see, things that all of them are shortened.
Then we put a little chip, a little chip, on the garbage and then started to retrofue.
These are the results.
Seawater from Seattle.
After a week.
With this information we realized that there are lots of inefficient in the system.
We can do the same with much less energy.
These are data that they didn't exist.
They're happening complicated things, and there's a lot of unnecessary transportation.
But the other thing that we think we think is that if we see every day that the cup that we draw doesn't disappear, which is still somewhere on the planet.
That if the plastic bottle that we throw one day is still still there.
That if we show that to people, then we can promote some behavioral change.
That was the reason the project.
My colleague at MIT, Stanford Biosphere, could tell us a lot more about detection and many other cool things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned at the beginning, which is to pick up on the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in Zacki.
It all started with a question of the city mayor that came and told us that Spain and the southern of Europe has a beautiful tradition of water use in public space, in architecture.
And the question was, how can technology can, new technology, are you going to get to that?
And one of the ideas we developed at MIT, in a workshop -- was imagine that they have a chaos and valves, solar valve valve -- legislation -- legislation that they open and close.
It's created like a water curtain.
If you fall the pixels you can write on them, show patterns, images, text.
And when you zoom in, the curtain will open up so that we can happen, as you see in the image.
We introduced this to the mayor to Black.
He liked a lot.
And it turns out a commission to design the building into the Exposition.
We call it Digital Water Palestinian.
The whole building is made of water.
There are no doors or windows -- but when you approach it so you can go through.
The ceiling is also covered with water.
And if there's a little bit of wind, if you want to minimize the salaries, you get down the roof.
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappears, like in this case.
Those days, there will always be somebody in the winter -- when they go down the roof, someone who was there and he said, "You get the building.
No, it's not that they have demonstrated, but when it gets down almost all the architecture goes down.
Here it is.
You see people intrigued by what happens inside.
And here I'm myself trying not to do not to try to test the sensors that open the water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
All the children in Saudi came to the building because the way we interacted had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that would open up, but a building that kept making slices and water and you had to jump into the shoes and the water shells and you had to jump to it.
(Dolphin noises) And for us that was very interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, always think about the use that people will give our designs.
But then reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact with, that people use.
This is an image of the building with physical pixels, water pixels and projections about them.
And this is what led us to thinking about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start flying.
Imagine that you could have little helicopters in the air, and each one had a little pixel that changed color as if it was a cloud that moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one we saw before, that it moves with others in synchrony.
We could form this cloud.
A kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal, but in three dimensions, where what changes is light, not the position of the pixels is the light.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that screen appeared in different scales and sizes.
And then all of that could be a 3D pixels cloud that you can zoom in, and go back, and you see from very different angles, and you can see from a very different angle.
This is the real flying Flickr going down to form a V Vietnam, like earlier.
When the light goes off, it looks like this. The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them controlled by a person.
We can have each pixel with an input that comes from people, the movement of people, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Bolt -- one of the best ballet dance dancers of today, the Star of New York City, and the Millennium Scale of Millennium -- to capture their 3D movements and use them as an input for the Florida.
Here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left you see the pixels of the left, the capture in different resolution.
It's so much 3D digitize in real time as a motion capture.
It can rebuild the whole movement.
You can run out the whole way.
And once we have the pixels we can play with them, we can play with them, color and movement, gravity and robotics.
We want to use this as a possible entry for the Florida.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
It's something for the London Olympics.
It's called the cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment -- almost as a crime of clouds -- but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could make all of you going to have a little bit of a skin for a pixel.
And I think what's remarkable that has happened in the last few years is that, in the last two decades, we go from the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything, like knowledge, and accessible across the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- and the Obama campaign showed us -- we can move from the digital world, the self-organizing power of networks, the physical world.
In our case, this may that we want to use it to design and make a symbol.
That means something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today, think about climate change or CO2 emissions -- how do you move from the digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people engaged in doing this together, collective form.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a club cloud.
And those particles are water, whereas in our cloud are peels.
It's a physical structure in London, but it covered by peaks.
You can move in the inside, having different experiences.
You can see from the bottom, to serve to the main moments of the Olympics. Olympics.
So it's both a physical cloud of the sky as something you can climb up, like a new of London.
You can get there.
As if it was a new digital side at night, but most important is that it will be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than they are?
Suppose I told you that, with only one changes in their genes, they could improve memory -- by a more precise, more accurate and faster.
Or maybe they would like to be in better ways, to be stronger, to more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and secure to be more attractive.
How about living more with good health?
Or maybe they're from those people who always wanted to be more creative.
What else would you do?
What would you like to choose something?
(Mandela from the Audience: Creativity cancer." creativity.
How many people choose creativity?
Raise your hand. Let me see.
So few -- probably a few of you probably had the number of creative people.
That's very good.
How many will choose memory?
A few more.
What about the physical state.
A little less.
How about longevity?
Oh, the majority. That makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have something about it the world would be very different.
Is it just just imagination?
Or maybe possible?
Evolution has been a topic here at the TED Conference here at the TED Conference. But today I want to give you a doctor on the subject.
The great 20th century, TED Dhana, who was also competing at the Russian Osygan Russian -- wrote an essay called "No "Notion in biology to the light of Evolution."
But if you effectively accept biological evolution consider this: this is just the past, or the future?
Does others refer to each other or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch -- well on an extreme one, is, of course, the one that interests us.
We spread from a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
There have been maybe 20 or 25 different species of humanity.
Some have gone and go back.
We've been here here about 130 years.
It might seem to be very far from other parts of this tree of life, but actually in its majority the basic machinery of our cells is about the same.
Do you realize that we can leverage and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of human insulin that is used to treat diabetes?
This is not like human insulin -- but it's the same protein, which is completely individual, that comes out of the pancreatic panels.
And talking about bacteria -- you realize that we all take into the most bacteria that we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, do you think -- when Antonio Damasca is that associated with behavioral -- think of bacteria -- think about bacteria -- think of bacteria -- think about bacteria -- think of bacteria -- think about bacteria -- think of bacteria -- they think of bacteria -- they think of bacteria?
The gut is a wonderfully hospitable environment for those bacteria.
It's warm, dark, master, is very acceleration.
And we're going to provide them all the nutrients that you can want to have no effort of their part.
It's really like a quick pathway for bacteria disruption of some football board to the output.
But by the way, we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria as they are essential for our life.
They help to digest essential nutrients, and they protect us from certain diseases.
But what about the future?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species?
Or are you destined to become something different, something maybe better adapted to the environment?
In this vast iconic symphony of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief company, the animal kingdom, as one and only single company, a little bit of a grace of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the part of this talk, so I hope you've enjoyed it.
When I was a college I had my first class of biology.
I was fascinated by the electricity and the beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental -- in most of the existence of life, in mobile organisms, every cell is simply divide and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to both of those cell cells.
But when the multicellular organisms, things start to change.
It enters sexual reproduction.
And something very important, with the emergence of sexual reproduction that happens the rest of the body becomes presenting.
In fact, you might say that the inevitability of the death of the body enters evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction.
I have to tell you that when I was a college student, I thought, well, sex, sex, dead for sex -- it seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year he had more and more doubled at that time, it was getting more doubt.
I came to understand the feelings by George Burshms, who still acted in the Vegas.
And one night someone hit their hotel door.
He opens the door.
In front of him is a magnificent dancer.
And he looks at him and he says, "It came for a sex sheet."
"Okay, say, George says, "I choose the sound."
I realized, as a doctor, that I was working for a different goal to the goal of evolution, not necessarily controlled, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted us healthy to be healthy.
I wanted to recover health in disease.
I wanted us to live more and more healthy.
Evolution consists of spending genome to the next generation -- adapting and surviving generation after generation.
From an evolutionary point of view, you and I are like reference records to sending the genetic charge to the next level, and then let me fall to the sea.
I think we all understand the feeling that Woody Allen who said, "I don't want to get the immortality through my work.
I want to do it not dying."
Evolution doesn't necessarily favor longevity.
It's not necessarily favorable to the largest or the strongest or the fastest or the most intelligent and even the smarter.
Evolution favors the best adapted to their environment.
That's the only test of survival and success.
In the bottom of the ocean bacteria that they can survive the heat of the footprints that will produce to the heat of the smokers that will produce it, if there were fish there, fish acid to the cow, yet have managed to make it a acceleration environment.
So what this means when we look at what's happening in evolution, and if we look at what is happening in evolution, and if we think about the place of humans in evolution, I would say there's a lot of possibilities. I would say there's a lot of possibilities.
The first is that we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine, first of all, we've been able to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been disappeared and removed from the population.
And secondly, as a species, we as a species, we have confused our environment so that we can adapt to it.
And by the way, we migrate and circulate, and we get so much that we are no longer possible to have the isolation necessary to happen.
A second possibility is that this is a evolution of the traditional type of the strength of nature.
And the argument here would be, that the gears of evolution are struggle space, but they're incomplete.
And in terms of isolation -- when as a species we take distant planets -- they're going to have the isolation and the environmental changes that can produce evolution in natural ways.
But there is a third possibility -- an attractive possibility and intriguing and terrifying possibilities.
It's called a neuroscience, new evolution, which is not simply natural, but guided and chosen for us as individuals in the decisions we will make.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we get to do this?
We first consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more variation than women.
It's not something necessarily good for society, but it's choosing at the individual and family level.
They also think that if it was possible to be able to choose not only sex of their descending, but in its own body to make genetic adjustments to cure or prevent disease.
What if we could do the genetic changes to remove diabetes or Alzheimer's or reduce the risk of cancer or eliminate the pop?
Wouldn't they want to do those changes in their genes.
If you look at the future, that kind of change is going to be increasingly possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 and spent 13 years old.
It cost 2,000 million dollars.
A year next year, in 2004, I could do the same job for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a full sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome of the human genome at a cost to the 20,000 and a week.
It's not going to be a lot of to make the human genome for 1,000 and becoming more and more and more and more of all.
Those changes.
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that aren't only going to protect us from themselves, but they're going to induce immunity against other viruses.
Believe or there is no experimental trial in course with the vaccine vaccine in cells of a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good that out of the table?
That's reality today and the future is going to be more possible.
Imagine then just other little changes.
Can they change their bodies from their bodies, but if they could change the cells of their descended?
What if you could change the sperm and the values, or change the fly of finding, and give your kids a better chance of a healthier life, remove the diabetes, remove the hyper-controller, reduce the hyper-controller, reduce the hospital?
Who doesn't want any healthier children?
And then, that same analog technology, that same engine of science that can produce changes to prevent diseases will also allow us to also adopt springs -- hyper-controlled high-tech shows.
Why don't we have the ingenuity of a Ken Jennifers especially if you could increase it with the next generation of Watson Watson" in the National machine.
Why don't you have a faster muscle muscle that allowed us to run faster and more distant?
Why not live longer?
This is going to be irrelevant.
And when we are in conditions to pass this into the next generation and we can adopt the attributes that we want to have made evolution of before in the neuroscience.
We're going to take a process that normally could take 100,000 years, and we can compress it to 1,000 years, and maybe it happens within the next 100 years.
These are choices that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, they're going to have them.
Are we going to use these options in a better society, more successful, more considered?
Or, are we selectively choosing different attributes that we want for some of us, but not for the others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring, more entirely and more relevant?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face it.
And most profound of all, we're going to be able to develop the wisdom and to inherit the wisdom and the wisdom necessary to make these decisions surrounded suddenly.
For good or worse, and before what I might think, these options are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a big explosion when you're at 900 feet tall.
Imagine an airplane full of smoke.
Imagine a motor doing climb, climb, climb.
I mean, climb, click, climb, class.
Well, I had a unique seat that day. I was sitting on the 18th.
It was the only one I could talk to absolutely flight associations.
So I immediately looked at them, and they said, "No problem. We probably hit some birds."
The pilot had already seen the plane, and we weren't so far away.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot line the airplane with the Hudson River.
That's usually not the route of it.
It turned out the motors off.
Imagine being in an airplane, without noise.
And then he said three words ...
The three most passionate words I ever heard.
He said, "You're going to be preparing for the impact.
I didn't have to talk more with the flight assistant.
I was able to see it in his eyes.
Life was finished.
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in an instant.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things that we want to do in life, and I didn't think all the people I wanted to get and didn't, all the fences I wanted to repair, all the experiences I have wanted to repeat, and I never had.
While I was thinking about that later on, I was a sentence, which is, "Collective came.
Because if the wine is ready and the person is there, I'm going to open up.
I don't want to apply anything in life.
And that urgency. That purpose, has really changed my life.
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is as we did the George Washington, which was not for a lot -- I thought about -- I thought, "Wow, I really feel a great weigh weigh a great weigh weight.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and with my mistakes I've tried to improve all I did.
But in my humanity, I also gave place to my ego.
And I regret the time I wasted in things that didn't matter with people who matter.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then, as a media in that, I decided to remove the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years, I haven't had a fight with my wife.
It feels like wonder.
I don't try to get right. I choose to be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock going down, 15, 14, 13, 13 13."
You see water coming.
I'm saying, "Please fly flies."
I don't want this to break into 20 pieces like you see in those documentary documents.
And as we down, I had the feeling of the feeling of the word, Oh, wood, die doesn't fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for all of our lives.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go, I love my life.
And that sadness started in a single thought, which is, I just wish one thing.
I wish I could see my children grow.
A month later, I was in an acting of my daughter -- first grade, not a lot of artistic talent -- still --  -- and scream scream.
And for me, that was all the reason to be the world.
At that point, I understood by connecting those two points, that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father.
Over all, the only goal that I have in life is to be a good father.
I was given a miracle to me not to die that day.
And I was given another gift, which was the possibility of looking at the future and going back and living differently.
You who are flying today, the challenges that you imagine that are happening in your plane -- and please don't be like this -- but imagine, and how do you change?
What would you do, that you still expect to do because you think you're going to live forever, please?
How do they change their relationships and negative energy in them?
And most importantly, they're being the best parents who can you?
Thank you.
I've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most cool thing I worked on was this guy.
The guy called TEDTalk.
TEDx was one of the most important graffiti grades in the '80s.
One day he came to his house after running and said, "Dad, I feel an ant in the legs."
And that was the beginning of ALS.
Today TEDTalk has a total paralysis.
You can only use your eyes.
Her work influenced in me.
I have a design company and animation, so obviously, graffiti is something that we admire and respect in the world of art.
So we decided we were going to sponsor Tony Togetic, TED, and their cause.
So I went and met with his brother and his father and I said, "We're going to give you this money.
What are you going to do with it?
And his brother said, "I just want to be able to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him and he is able to communicate with me."
And I said, "A second, isn't it that I -- I see Stephen Hawking -- isn't all of the people with paralysis can communicate through those devices?
And he said, "No, unless you feel someone important, you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people.
And I said, "Well, how do you communicate then?"
Does anybody see the movie "The Scottish and the marker?
They communicate in that way -- they go to the finger.
I said, "That's archive. How can it be?"
So I stood with the only desire to deliver a check, and instead of that signed up a little bit that I had no idea of how I was going to cover.
I was engaged with his brother and his father there at that time at that particular moment, "All right, so this is the treatment, Tony is trying to talk -- we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to make her art again.
Because it's ridiculous that somebody who has so much in their interior can't communicate it."
So I talked about a conference a couple months later.
I met these guys named Greeks Grate Reserve Red Lab," which has a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface and then with a laser point, draw about that and register the negative space.
So they go around doing art facilities like this.
All the things that appear -- they say, they're part of a cycle of life.
First of all, they start with sexual organs, then with bad words, then with the attacks to Bush and at the end, people are starting to make art.
But there was always a cycle of life in his presentation.
And so he started the journey.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot later, after a lot of organization and much moving things like we had achieved a couple of things.
One, we touch the doors of insurance companies, and we get a machine for TEDx to be able to communicate -- a machine like Stephen Hawking.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun thing -- I call him Hood, because when you talk to the guy, you get an email of it, and you say, "I don't deserve it. This guy is fantastic."
The other thing we did was to bring seven programmers around the world -- literally from all the corners on the planet -- to our home.
My wife, the children and I, we moved to the back and these hackers and the paradigms and the programmers and the contracts and they took the control of the house.
A lot of our friends thought that we did something completely stupid and that when we came back, they had taken away the walls of the walls and instead there would be free.
But for two weeks we program, we went to the mountain water of Venice, my son was part of my dog too, and we created this.
It's called "Extreme "Excuse," and it is called "Manual "School description.
This is a pair of cheap Sun gallons that we bought in the sea Bank of Venice Bank, some copper wire and Homo Department and Radio Shake.
We take a PS camera, we open it, we cut it on a LED light, and there is now a device that is free -- it builds you yourself -- and we publish the free code free -- the software goes down.
And we create a device that has no limitation at all.
There's no insurance company.
There's no hospital that can say "No."
Anyone with paralysis today has access to drawing and communicate using just their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much to you.
So at the end of two weeks, we went back to the TED room.
I love this picture, because this is the room of another person and that's his room.
There was all this global and air during the great opening.
And after more than a year of planning, two weeks of programming services from all night, Tony went back all night, Tony came back for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of your life and it's looking through the support system of your life.
We ran the bed up so I could see.
And we put a project on a wall of the outside of the hospital.
And he came back to draw for the first time in front of his family and friends -- and would imagine what was the feeling in parking the parking.
The funny thing was that we had to draw in the parking so we felt as if we were crying graffiti too.
At the end of this him, he sent us an email and this was what he said, "This was the first time I draw in seven years.
I felt like I'd been under the water and somebody finally came to me and get me out there so I could breathe."
Isn't that wonderful?
In some ways, that's our war scream.
That's what keeps us in motion, developing us.
And we have a long way to run with this.
It's a great device, but it's the equivalent of a magic screen.
Somebody with this artistic potential deserve much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve how to improve and make it faster.
Since then, we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've won a lot of prizes.
Remember, it's free, none of us is making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The prizes were the guy, "Oh, this is fantastic."
Armstrong tweeting something about us, and then, in December, Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 best inventions in 2010, and it was really cool.
The best thing about this -- and this is what I finished to close the circle, which is that in the McGon of McChan in downtown Los Angeles is going to have an exhibition called Art in the States."
And Art in the streets is going to have the best exposure in urban Arabic art, Shakespeare Facebook, Capes.
TEDx is going to be in the show, which is pretty impressive.
So this is basically my idea: if you look at something that's not possible, make it possible.
No one in this room was possible -- the stage, the computer, the microphone, the school, nothing was possible at some time.
Make it possible -- anything in this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with hidden recognition technology -- just recognized something and I was associated with wonderful people in order to make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want all of us to do every day when we find something that we feel that we have to do.
Thank you.
I've spent the last few years going on in very difficult situations and at the same time a dangerous.
I went to jail. I went to jail.
I worked on a coal mine. dangerous.
I film in areas of war and difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating it just -- this fun at the beginning, something difficult in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a lot of my career I've been diving in situations in horrible appearance with the only goal of trying to try social issues in ways that are attractive and interesting, and hopefully analyzing them in a way that they are attractive and accessible to the audience.
So when I knew I would come here to make a TEDTalk about the world of brands and the pattern of pathologist, I wanted to do something a little different.
So some may have heard of you, or not, a couple of weeks ago I took an airplane in Egypt.
I sent some messages on Facebook -- some on Twitter, I offered the rights of the name of my TEDTalk TED.
What was the following: "Al South North North American present, my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it is and according to content you could exploit it in the face, especially if I put it on your ride or your company by doing it.
But I said this is a very good media opportunity.
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks?
A lot.
It's a program in progress.
So even with that safe knew that somebody was going to buy the rights of the name.
If they had asked me a year ago I couldn't have to tell them about certainty.
But in the new film I am working, we look at the world of marketing the world of publishing.
And as I said earlier, I have been in horrible situations in the last few years, but nothing could prepare me, nothing could anticipate it, for something as difficult or as dangerous as entering the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a film.
Morgan School: I want to make a film that tries to produce products of products and marketing and advertising, and the whole film is funded by products and marketing and advertising.
The movie is going to call "The largest film "the largest film."
What happens in "The largest movie ever sell is that all of the top desert is that everything at the top at the bottom, and in the end, it has brand imagery -- all the time -- from the autism that appears before the title, the X brand X.
Now this brand, Walk Stanford, the States Center.
These people are going to be attracted to the film to the periphery -- forever.
And so the film explores all of this idea -- Michael Karajan, is what? MK: So it's reduction? The periphery -- to perfectly, forever always?
I'm a reduced person." MK: I just say I -- it was more for empathy.
It was "People." For always."
But we're not just going to have the prostate of the X brand in the title but we're going to make sure that we are going to make sure all the categories we can in the film.
Maybe we sell a shoe and become the most cool shoes you've ever used.
The most cool car you've ever driven in the largest movie ever sell, the best wheat you have ever made, "The biggest journey you ever seen being safe.
David Kobala: The idea is so much to show the brands as part of life, make them fund the film? (MS: Make you finance the film." MS: And we actually show the whole process of how it works.
The whole goal of the whole film is transparency.
You're going to see all the process in this film.
That's the whole idea, the whole film, the beginning to end.
And I would love that CEO will help me make it happen.
Robert French," you know, is funny because it's the first time I hear that.
Guy: However, I don't know how a recycling is going to be people at that.
XL: You have a perspective -- I don't know if you "manage it is very negative, but you know how is it going to repeated -- (MS: No idea -- David Chrisies: How much money do we need to do this?
MS: A million and a half million "Dolbert -- "OK?
XL: You know, maybe for the moment that we know, maybe for the moment that we see the movie of algorithms.
MS: What do you think this answer?
Stuart Rush: Most of the answers will not."
MS: But it will be hard to sell to the film or to be I?
JK: Both things.
MS:  -- it means you're not very optimistic.
So you help me, I need help. I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: All right. MK: Okay. Awesome. Awesome.
MK: We have to think of what marks are frames.
MS: Yes. MB: That's the challenge. When you look at the people you have to try.
MK: We have some places where to go. (MS: All right. Turn it off.
MS: I thought I took the camera out of the camera -- it meant we have a conversation outside of it.
It turns out the camera means "We don't want to know anything about your film.
MS: And so it was, one by one, one of these companies suddenly disappeared.
No one wanted to have nothing to do with this film.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know anything with this project.
And I was very impressive. I thought the concept of advertising, it was to present the product to as many people as possible, to make so many people see it as possible.
Especially in the world of today this intersection of new media and old media and the stage of separated media, isn't the idea to tell you that new vehicle worthy of attention, which is going to lead the message to the mass?
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, my idea had a graphic error and that error was this.
Actually, there was no such mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been fine.
But the problem was what represents this image.
See, when you look for images of transportation on Google --  -- this is one of the first images that they appear to appear on Google --  -- this is one of the first images that come up.
I like your way of rolling, Sergey Britain. No.
This was the problem: the transparency -- and free of simulation or deception -- easily detected or seen -- easily understanding, which is characterized by visibility or information, especially in business practices -- being the last line perhaps the larger problem.
You see, we hear a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians name it, President the name, even the CEOs name.
But suddenly when you try to make it really a little bit changes of it.
But why is that? Well, transparency gives fear --  -- like that weird bear that still keeps going.
It's unpredictable.   Like this rare road way.
And it's also very risky.
What else is it risk?
You'll eat an entire cup of Congo White.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to companies and tell them that we wanted to tell this story and said, "No, we want you to tell you a story.
We want to tell you a story, but you tell your story."
See, when I was a kid, I was a kid, and my father caught me in some lie -- and he was looking at him as he used to do -- he said, "Son, there are three sides in every story.
There's your story, it's my story, and it's the real story.
As you see, in this film, we wanted to tell the real story.
But with only one company, an agency wanted to help me -- and that just because I met John Bond and Richard Kingin of many years -- I realized that I would have to go through my mind, I would have to remove myself and go to the companies myself and go to the companies myself.
So what I started to warn all of a sudden what I started to realize -- when you start conversation with companies the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who make big movies, big, giant films, and others who make small films, independent like mine.
And my friends who do big Hollywood films, giant girls, say the reason their films have so much success is due to the brands that they have.
And then my friends who make independent films say, "Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, giant films of Hollywood films, right?
And the film is called "The largest movie "The largest Film."
How are we specifically going to see B in the movie?
Every time I get out, every time I open my back, I will see the Bang destination.
Any moment during an interview with someone I can say, "Are you okay for this interview?
Are you ready? You look a little nervous.
I want to help you calm up.
Maybe you should put this before the interview interview."
And there was one of these fabulous aggressions.
Both Florida Florida as "Don't Peter "Come and have his opportunity.
We're going to have a lot of for man as well as a woman, solid, ball, bar, whatever.
That's the general look.
Now I can answer your questions and give you a preferred look.
Karen Frank: We are a small mark brand.
So similar to the kind of more small movies you said, we're more well a rival brand.
So we don't have the budget that have other brand.
So doing things like that, you know, remembering Band to people is the reason that we're interested in.
MS: What words used to use Bantha?
Bang is in white.
KF: That's a big question.
Woman: superior technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the air.
Man: We talk about something automatic, fresh.
I think "If I think "Free is a great word that actually puts this category in positive versus "company shoulders and subset."
It keeps you wrong.
How do we keep you fresh, more time? With better factor, more focus, three times faster.
Things like those who are beating the benefits.
MS: And that's a multi-policies company.
What about me? What about a common guy?
I need to talk to the street man, people like me, to ordinary Peps.
They have to talk about my brand.
MS: How do you define your frame?
Man: Mmm my frame?
I don't know.
I like the good gear.
Woman: Reveal the '80s, passionate pathology unless it is to be loved.
MS: All right, what is Germanism Market" is?
Germany: something unique. (MS: unique. Man: I guess the kind of gender, the style I have would be like a dark glacier."
I like a lot of the dark colors, lots of gray and things like this.
Usually I take actions like sunglasses, or I want the crystals and the same.
Woman: If Dan was a brand court could be a classic technology, markets.
Man 2: The brand I am, I call it the casual flight.
Woman 2: In part hypotheses, in part of the hostile, the Bronx Chile -- I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of passions.
selling toys for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is FedEx because I hold the market.
Man 5: Mark school failure.
Is that that?
Adam," I'm a lawyer.
Tom: I'm Tom.
MS: Well, we can't all be brand Tom Tom, but I often believe in dark glamour intersection and casual flight.
I realized I needed an expert.
I needed somebody who could go into my head, somebody who could help me understand what they call the "market personality."
And I found a company called Olson Zeamanders in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like Newton, Ferra, Harry to discover that marker personality.
If they could do it for them, they certainly could do it for me.
Audience: Transport photos, right?
MS: Yes. The first picture is a family picture.
A: Tell me a little bit how to relate to your thoughts and feelings and feelings like this.
MS: These people model my way of looking at the world.
A: Tell me about that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world where you live -- like the people around you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things are originally originally, and they start in a place and in my case, and in my case, they start and start in my family, in West Virginia.
A: What's the next one you want to talk about?
MS: Next is, "This was the best day of my life."
A: How do you relate to this with your thoughts, feelings and your way to be?
MS: It's like who I want to be me.
I like the different things.
I like the weird things. I like the weird things.
A: Tell me about why does that serve that?
What's the machine? What phase of copy you find now?
Why is it important to recover? What does the red represent representing?
Tell me a little bit about that.
A little more than you, which is not who you are.
What other metaphors have you have?
You don't have to have fear. What kind of rollercoaster are you doing?"
MS: Aibub. (America, thank you.) No, thank you.
A: Thank you for your patience, (MS: Great work? AO: Yes. (Music: Thank you very much.) Very good.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what you're going to get out of this.
There was a lot of crazy in all this.
Leonardo Zello," the first idea I saw was this idea that there are two different sides -- but complicated, in your marker personality -- the brand Morgan School is a representative brand.
They get very good together.
And I think there's almost a paradox.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong points or the other instead of focusing on both of them.
A lot of companies tend -- and it's human nature -- to avoid things that are not safe, they avoid fear, those elements, and you actually have a computer -- and you actually make it comedy and you make it positive and you actually make it positive for you, and it's nice to see that.
What other marks are you doing?
The first here is the classic.
And you can see here to Tarman, Wiki, Minister of Minister Cooper and Alberta.
Now there are leadership marks and conscious marks -- those things that have gone and come but a present brand is something quite powerful.
MS: A present brand -- what's your framework?
If somebody asks you to describe your brand identity, your brand personality would be?
Are you a search attractive? Are you somebody who makes blood flow flow?
Or are you rather an athletic attractive?
A little more calm -- reserved, conservative?
And the acceptable attributes are like being a little bit like the printing thing to be fresh like the Princeton, contemporary of the conveys, and an airplane like Erre Shery, fast or a bold like Green Shanghai, fast or mutation, and a mass or mutation, like Gandhi.
Or are you more of the face of descending attractive?
Are you conscious, sophisticated like 70?
Are you set, traditional transition, protective, protective?
Are you reliable, stable, family, reliable safe, safe, sacred or sales, like the Dalai Lama or House?
In the course of this film, we had more than 500 companies, and shell and descendants, that they said, "No, they didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have nothing to do with this movie, mainly because they wouldn't have control, they wouldn't have control about the final product.
They allowed us to tell us the story of neuroscience, and we came to tell the story of this film of how they now use magnetic resonance to identify the centers of desire in the brain as much for commercial marketing as for movies.
We went to San Paulo where they banned the free air.
All over the city for the last five years, there are no ships, no cartoon, no volumes, nothing.
And we went to school districts where businesses are doing road in schools with a little bit of light in America.
The amazing thing to me is that the projects in which I've had the biggest answer or the most successful thing that I've been interacting with are those in which I've interacted with things.
And that's what these marks did.
They took the intersections, they took their agencies, and they said, maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to deal directly with artist.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that's going to make people think about the way we look at the world.
And how has it gone? Did they have succeeded?
Well, since the film are in the Southern Festival Festival of Sunnimenter, let's take a look.
According to Burshms the film of film are in January, and since then -- and this is not all -- we've had 900 million impressions in the media for this film.
This covers only a period of two and a half weeks.
That's only online -- no press, no TV.
The film is still not distributed yet.
It's still not online. It's not in signal.
It's not even presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already begun to win momentum.
And it's not wrong because almost all of the agencies that we talk about, they adjust to their customers not to be part.
I've always believed that if you risk yourself, if you take risks, that in those risks are opportunities.
I think when you get to the people that are pushing them into failure.
I think when you train your employees in the aversion of the risk is preparing your whole company to lack of rewards.
I feel that what has to happen to forward is that we need to encourage people to risk.
We need to encourage people to have no fear of the opportunities that they can scare them.
Ultimately, I think forward, I think we need to give place to fear.
We have to put that bear in a cage.
We take fear of fear. We take the risk.
From a knife at the time, we have to embrace risk.
And ultimately, we need to be announced to transparency.
More than ever a bit of honesty is going to run a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, all my talk about "The Transparency has been presented by my good friends of "MMM who for 700 of them bought the rights of the name in Egypt.
EM: Increasing data in big opportunities for companies around the world.
"MM: "We are "Presented "The Transition."
Thank you very much.
June Cohen: So Morgan, in name of transparency, which happened exactly with those 470?
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket I have a check in the name of the TED matrix, the Swedish Foundation, a check for 70 percent to be applied to my TED for TED for the next year.
The idea behind Stein computer is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
Their biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the uranium plant in National National.
The gray boxes that you see are control systems in real time.
If we get to commit these systems that control speed and valves, we can cause a lot of problems with the control.
The gray boxes don't use Windows software -- they're a completely different technology.
But if we get an effective virus of Windows in a portable computers used by an engineer to set up this gray box, then we are ready.
This is the plan behind Stein.
We started with an installation Windows.
The army enters the gray box, damages the center, and the nuclear program is dead is demonstrated, cured mission.
It's easy, right?
I want to tell you how we discover this.
When we started research about Stein six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown.
The only thing that knew is very, very complex in the Windows part of Windows -- the installation used multiple dancing vulnerability.
It seemed like wanting to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That was called the attention, and we started an experiment where we infected our environment with Steiner, and we saw what happened to this.
So they happened very strange things.
Stephen was behaving as a lab rat that he didn't like our cheese -- he waves, but he didn't want to eat.
I didn't make sense for me.
And after experiment with different beaches of cheese realized, I realized, this is a conditioning attack.
It's completely drawing.
The installation is looking at actively looking at the gray box if it finds a specific configuration, and even if the program that's trying to infect is effectively working on that place.
If not, Stein doesn't do anything.
So that called my attention, and we started working in this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the objective is.
It could be, let's say, for example, an American energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
Better we discover the goal soon.
So we extracted and we cleaned the attack code, and we found that I was structured in two digital bombs, a small and a big one.
We also saw that they were armed very professionally by people who obviously had the whole information.
They knew all the points that I would attack.
You probably even know how much the operator is.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that Starbucks complex is complex and high technology, let me tell you -- the load is very complex.
It's very above all we've seen before.
Here you see a sample of this attacks.
We're talking about about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks pretty much like the old self-assembling language.
I want to tell you how we could find sense to this code.
What we looked at at the beginning, they were called to the systems of the system, because we know what they do.
Then we looked for temperatures and data structures and we tried to relate them with the real world, with the real objective potential of the real world.
We need the theories about destinations that we can approve or describe.
To get the theories on goals about goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent skill, and it's surely a valuable white black, because it's where most infections have been represented.
You don't find several thousands of targets in that area.
It basically gets reduced to the nuclear power plant of Bush and the National Engelvin plant.
So I said to my assistant, "They "Take a list of all of the experts in control and energy plants between our clients."
I called them and I told them in an effort to make their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we could associate the little digital oxygen with the control of the robot control.
The robot is that mobile part inside the coater, that black object you see.
If you drive the speed of this robot, you can certainly check it and even make the center explode.
What we also saw is that the goal of attack was to make it slow and decline in an obvious obvious obvious to go back crazy to the nest maintenance engineers, so they couldn't solve this quickly.
We try to figure out the big digital army looking at very closely to data and their structures.
So for example, the 160 percent goes in that code, you can't forget it.
I started to investigate scientific literature about how these coaters are built in National and found that they're structured in what's called a caste, and every waterfall has 160 controllers.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And he got better yet.
These cables in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we found in the attacks code?
A nearly identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of confidence in understanding what we had between hands.
So you have no biggest wing: not like that.
The results have been obtained after several weeks of hard work.
We routinely ended up in the street classrooms and we had to start again.
Even so, we found that both digital holes were pointing to one and a target -- but from different angles.
The little oxygen is taking a waterfall -- and making the motors spinning and the rooms themselves, and the big olive is communicates with six picks and manipulating values.
In short, we are very confident that we've determined what the destiny is.
It's Natasha, and it's just Natasha.
We shouldn't worry that other targets are reached by Stein.
Here I show you a few very interesting things that we saw, really impressed.
There's the gray box, and you see the centers.
What this thing does is to intercept the values of the entrance of sensors, for example, from pressure sensors and virtual sensors and provide legitimate code, which still execute during attack, with false input data.
And believe or not, this false entrance data is prepared by Steinvall.
It's like the Hollywood movies where, during the theft, the security camera feeds in a previously degraded video.
Is it cool out?
And the idea here is obviously not only to be to just bear in the control room.
It's really much more dangerous and aggressive, actually.
The idea is to make a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator could not act fast.
For example, in an energy plant, when the big steam turbine is spending, you have to open up values of escape.
Obviously, this can't do a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they're committed to them when they're committed bad things.
The plant can explode.
And not the operations nor the security system will notice it.
That scares scared.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This attack is genomics.
It has nothing to do -- specifically with coaters, with computers equality.
It could work too, for example, in an energy plant, or in an automotive factory.
It's generic.
And you don't have -- "And you don't have to distinguish this load with a USB key.
You could also use conventional technology technology to disseminate it.
It is the most possible.
And if you do that, with what you end up with a massive destruction cyber destruction.
That's the consequence we need to face.
Unfortunately, the largest number of targets for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and in Japan.
All green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals.
We need to face the implications, and better than we start to prepare now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Ralph has made public in many sides that people assume that the Mose is the main entities behind this.
What's your opinion?
Ralph Lano," OK, you really want to hear this?
Yeah. Okay.
My guess is that the Museum is involved, but engine is not Israel.
The engine behind this is the cyber superpower.
There's one alone, and it's the United States, and it's the United States, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately.
Because otherwise our problems would be even greater.
CA: Thank you. Thank you, Ralph Ray.
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take away and give super-marketing skills, or another one that makes users out of the wheelchair, and you get to walk.
In Berkeley Bionics we call these robots, exposures.
They're not different from something that you put in the morning, gives you a great force, which also increases your speed, and helps you to manage the balance.
It's actually the real integration of man and machine.
But not just that -- it can integrate it and connect it with the universe and with other external entres.
This is not an irrational idea.
To show you now on what we're working on, we start to talk about the American soldier who, in average, has to take over their back a couple of 45 pounds, and it's being demanded to bring even more equipment.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- injuries on the back, 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic damage.
We decided to contemplate this challenge and create an exoskeleton that could help manage the matter.
Let me introduce you to the Hubble -- or Portlas Human Carters.
Soldier: With the Hubble exoskeleton I can carry 90 pounds for variable land for many hours.
Its flexible design, allows you to put in cultures and execute movements with great agility movement.
I perceive what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then increase my strength and my resistance.
Ethiopia Benjamin: We're ready, with our industrial partner, to produce this device, this new exoskeleton this new exoskeleton this year.
So it's a reality.
So let's go back now to the users of the wheelchair, and I feel particularly passionate about what I'm feeling particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people around the world -- all around the world.
About one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation here.
We talk about something that happens often with frequency people, very young people, with damage in the spine that we have to start their life -- to the 20, 30 or 40 years or 40 -- they collide against a wall, and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice.
We also talk about the population that aging it very quickly.
His only choice, many times -- by a brain injury.
And this has been so over the last 500 years, from their successful participants, as I should recognize.
So we decided to start to write a new chapter on mobility.
Let me introduce you to the ELAM who is using Amanda Bolteman 19 years ago, had a lesion in the spine of the vertical column, and as a result couldn't walk back 19 years, so far.
Amanda Bolteman: Thank you.
EB: Amanda is using our EVLI, which I mentioned.
It has some sensors.
Not completely invasive in the crutches that send signals to the board on the board here.
There are also a few batteries that give the motors to the motors in the coats, and in the knees and make it forward with this sort of sound and very natural.
AB: I was 24 years old at the top of my life when, by a strange jump in the air, skiing costs below properly.
In a fraction of second, I lost all feeling and all the motion of the pelvis.
Shortly enough, then a doctor came to my room in the hospital, and he said, "She "managed never walked."
That happened 19 years ago.
So I stole up to the last piece of hope of my being.
Adaptation technology since then, has allowed me to learn how to stay down the bottom in schools, climbing rocks and even riding in hand.
But they haven't invented anything that allowed me to walk, so far.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change the life to future generations -- not only of the soldiers but to Amanda, to all of the users of the wheelchair, to all of the users of the wheelchair, to everybody.
AB: Thank you.
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the battery, practice sex to say hello, and the game is the order of the day -- where fun is serious.
And no, it's not the festival of the Air Man or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, they know their cousins.
This is the world of wild bonds.
Bonobos are along with chimpanzees, along with chimpanzees, nearest living lives.
That means we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother that lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimpanzees are known for their aggression.
But unfortunately, we've done too much hidden in this aspect of human evolution.
But the Bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by big guys, terrifying societies, the Bonobo society is in charge of females.
These guys have created something special because this leads to a very tolerant society where deadly violence hasn't been observed yet.
But unfortunately, Bonobos are the least understood of the big apes of apes.
They live in the depths of the forest Congo, and it's been very difficult to study them.
Congo is a paradigm -- a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the same significance -- scenario of a violent conflict that has been spent by decades and caused almost as many deaths like the First World War.
No wonder that this destruction also puts in danger the survival.
The hunting and the depression of hunting and deforestation makes you can't fill out of a stadium with the Bonobo -- and honestly, we're not sure about it.
However, in this violence land and chaos, you can hear the hidden laughter by measuring trees.
Who are these primes?
We know them like six "species love, not war -- because they have frequent sex, promise and bisexual sex to manage conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because the life of the Bonobo is more than the Kamel Sud.
Bonobos, like humans, love playing along their entire life.
Play is not just a child's game.
For us and for them the game is fundamental to establish links and to foster the tolerance, it is fundamental to it.
With him we learn to trust the rules of play.
Play increases creativity and resilience, and it has to do with the generation of diversity -- diversity of interactions, interaction of behavior, behavioral diversity of connections.
And when you look at the Bonobo game sees the evolutionary roots of laughter, dance and human ritual rituals.
The game is the glue that binds us.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique videos, just taken out of the wild medium.
First, it's a balloon game game, and I don't talk about soccer in football.
Here we have a female and a young male in the middle of a perception.
Look what she's doing her.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase: "You've got it from the balls."
I just think that in this case, he loves him, right?
Yes.
So sexual game is common as much as in bonus as in humans.
And this video is really interesting because it shows that -- this video really is interesting because it shows the incentive of bringing unusual elements to the game -- and also how the game is going to require trust and foster -- and at the same time it's the most fun.
But game is political.
The game is political, it can adopt a lot of forms, some of which is more single, imaginative images, curiosity -- maybe the place where the staggering is redesigned.
And I want you to see -- this is Futural, a young female who is playing with water.
I think, like her, sometimes we just play alone, and we explore the boundaries of our inner worlds.
And it's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore, to interact, and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real seeds of creativity.
These are just little samples of understanding that the bonobos give us our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we have to adapt to a future increasingly difficult and greater creativity and greater cooperation.
The secret is that game is the key to these abilities.
In other words, play is our component of adaptation.
To adapt successfully to a world that changes we have to play.
But will we leverage to maximum our game capacity.
The game is not fragile.
The game is essential.
For Bonobo and humans alike, life is not just cruel and deployed.
When it seems like the least appropriate to play, it can be the moments that are most urgent for.
So we prime primates, we accept this gift of evolution and we play together as we rediscover creativity, and friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York I'm responsible for a nonprofit organization called Robin House.
When I'm not fighting poverty, I fight fires as a captain of captain in a volunteer firement body.
And in our city, where volunteers continue to a highly qualified personal staff, you have to get into the fire very soon to get into action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer in the site, so I had a pretty high chance to go.
But still, there was a foot to stand against the other volunteers to get to the captain and figure out what our task was.
When I found Captain was surprised in a conversation with the owner that certainly attracted one of the worst days in his life.
We were in the late night, she stood outside in the rain, under a shoes, in film, sheet, while her house was in flames.
The other volunteer that I just got to get before I was -- let's take Leg Luther Luther --  -- came up first to the captain and this was asked to go and save the house.
The dog. I was so client."
There was a lawyer or a money gesture, that during the rest of his life, I would have to tell people that I walked into a building building in calls to save a living building just because I won for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The captain made me an adult.
He said, "Beautists, I need you in the house.
I need it going up, through fire, and I bring this woman to this woman a couple of shoes."
I swear it.
It wasn't exactly what I expected but I went up -- I went up -- I turned the stairs, at the end of the case, I went to the real firemen and I went to the real fire and I walked into the main room and walked into the main room for a pair of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my load back to the ladder where I met my Norman and the precious dog on the door.
We went out of the house of the house of home where, as I expected, his teacher received much more attention than mine.
A few weeks later, the department received a letter of the house of house by the brave effort demonstrated to save his house.
The kindness that she observed over the other was that somebody had reached even a couple of shoes.
So so much in my rape in Robert Hood, as in my voting as a volunteer firement, I am witness of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale, but also of grace acts and courage and individual acts of the individual coral.
And you know what I've learned?
Everything has its importance.
So, when I look at this room in this room that they have done, or they're going to get remarkable levels of success, I'd like to remind you about this: don't expect.
Don't wait to win the first million to make the difference in somebody's life.
If you have something to give. Give them now.
They serve food in a dining dining park.
Be mentors.
We're not all going to have the opportunity to save someone else's life, but every day we're going to be able to influence someone's life.
So enter the game, they save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, Mark, back.
Mark Beckison: Thank you.
This may seem strange, but I'm a great fan of the concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1868 with a very simple idea: cement modules of a fixed measure that fit each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used construction unit in the world.
They have allowed us to build larger things than us, as buildings or bridge, a brick at a time.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947, to LGBT came up with this.
It was called an automated astronomical self-driven.
And within a few years, LGBT bricks.
It's estimated that over 400 billion or 75 billion bricks per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineer to build beautiful bridges or buildings or houses.
LGBT made it accessible.
LGBT simply adopted the concrete block, the favorite of the world, and turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in Bell labs, the next revolution was about to announce, the new building block.
The transistor was a small unit of plastic that would take us from a world of aesthetic brick brick works on each other to a world where everything was interactive.
Just like the concrete block, the transistor allows to create much larger and more complex, a brick at the time.
But there's a main difference -- the transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept it, that building blocks of our time are reserved to experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I started exploring the idea of bringing the power of engineers into the hands of artists and designers of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing Little.
Let me show you how they work.
Little Letters are electronic modules each with a specific function.
They're prepared to be light, sound, motors and sensors.
And the best thing is that they bring together through magnets together.
So you can't put it wrong.
The bricks have a color code.
The green is the room, the blue is the stream, and the roll is the input and the color is the continues, and the color is the continues.
So you only have to assemble a blue with green, and you can just start to do bigger circuits to make higher circuits.
A blue with one green produce light.
We can put a button in the middle and so we have a regulatory.
If we change the button by a pulse of pulse, which is here, and now we have an international light.
So we added this together to create more impact and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond simple play, Little Little Latinologies, really powerful.
Instead of having to program to connect and connect and solve, Little bits are allowing us to program using very simple intuitive gestures.
To make sure faster or slower, it just turns out this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind Little Little Little Little collection.
We want all the interactions in the world get reduced to the world there to use.
Life, sounds, solar panels, motors, everything must be accessible.
We've given Little Little Little Little bit to play with them.
And it's been an incredible experience.
The best thing is how do you start to understand the electronics of every day that doesn't learn in schools.
For example, how a light is working at night, or why the door of an elevator is held open, or how an iPod responds to touch.
We've also taken Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Lesters.
So for example, designers without experience some of you start playing with Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Little
Here you can see, with paper bottles, we have George creating Groups.
Metric sounds)  A few weeks ago, we took Little Litarian Little Little Litarian design designers who have no experience in engineering, just in cardboard and wood and we said, do something. Do something.
Here is an example of a project that have done, an active line and a movement.
But wait, here's my favorite project.
It's a kind of landscape that has a fear of darkness.
For these not engineers, Little Little Lineas became another material.
And we want this material to be the scope of everyone.
So Little Little Little Little Liberians.
You can visit the website, download all the design files and make them make them.
We want to encourage a world of creators and inventors and collaborators because this world that we live in, this interactive world is ours.
So go ahead and invent it.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the industry of solar technology.
And my little company search for us to get involved with the environment.
Destroying collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Hmm. Wait for a moment.
You can do a little bit of cardiologist.
We can -- we can continue to better leave the video on one side.
No.
This is not.
All right.
Solar technology is ...
Oh, I'm going to have time?
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and technical designers to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything you stop, we asked them to work in the government.
The initiative was called "Code for America, and it would be like a few Peace bodies for techniques.
We select some members every year, and we put them to work with them.
Instead of sending to the Third World, we send them into the mathematical world.
They made great applications -- they worked with municipal employees in them.
Their task is to show the possibilities of current technology.
They know Allen.
This is a hydrant in the city of Boston.
Here it appears as if I look for a quote, but what it really looks for is someone clean when it stays to the snow because it knows it's not very good at catching fires when it's covered by a subway meter.
How did it come to asking aid in this simplicity?
Last year in Boston we had a team of members of Code for America.
They were there in February, and at that time I was there in February last year.
They realized that city never cleaned these hydrogen.
But one of the members named Erik Michael noticed something else: citizens cleaned up with sticks right in front of them.
So he did like any good programmer, I developed an app.
It's a nice application that you can adopt a hydrant hit.
You accept clean it when you will.
When you do so, you put a name, in this case you put Al Allen.
If you don't, someone can steal it.
I mean, it has a players' component.
It's a modest application.
Maybe it's the smallest of the 21st Parkinson's applications last year.
But it does something that no other government technology does.
And it extends in viral form.
A responsible from the University of Health City systems to see this app realized that I could use it, not for snow, but for citizens for citizens to adopt tsunami.
It's very important that they work these tsunami, but people steal the batteries of batteries.
And so you ask citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to do to make citizens down to the chains of the shopping caps.
And Chicago just just launched him to make people recorded to clean sidewalks when he was next.
So we now know about nine cities that plan to use it.
And this has been spread without frustrations, naturally and natural ways.
If you know a little bit of government technology, you know this doesn't normally happen.
The software acquisition typically takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston we had a team working on a project that required three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children.
Then they told us that to have done it for the normal channels would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's not nothing.
Now there's a project in the judicial power of California, which has been at the moment of two billion dollars and doesn't work.
And there are projects like this at every level of government.
So an app that shows you in a couple of days and it spread in viral form, it's kind of a kind of trip of adversity to the institution of the government.
It suggests the best government way to work -- not like private companies, as many people think that should be.
Not as a technological company, but rather like the Internet.
I mean, without resistance, in shape and general.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this app is that it represents how to address the question of the government that the new generation -- not as a problem of an analog institution, but as a problem of collective action.
And that's very good because it turns out that we are very good for collective action with digital action.
And there's a very large community of people who are building the tools so that we work together with efficiency.
And it's not just Cooper for America but there are hundreds of people all over the country that contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities.
They have not been given by the government.
They feel a great frustration for that, but they don't complain -- they fix it.
And these people know something that we've lost from view.
And so if we stop the feelings about politics, the row of the DNA Region Republicans -- and all of those other things that put us crazy, the government is essentially the words of Tim Reverse," which we do together because we only can."
Now, many people have abandoned government.
If you are one of those people, I will ask you to rethink it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change the government -- yes.
And because the government in the last instance of us is -- remember that of us, the people? The way we think about it affects the way we produce change.
I didn't know a lot about government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought the government was going to be able to choose people to get care of them.
Well, after two years, I've come to the conclusion that the government is mostly about barriers.
This is the center of phone care and information.
This is the place that you call the calls if you mark 313 in America.
Scott took this call.
English Zarper at the base of official knowledge.
I didn't find nothing. It started with animal control.
And finally he said, "Hey, you can open the doors in the house of the house, put strong music and see if it goes?
And it worked. So by Scott.
But that wasn't the end of the barriers.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has an application, web and mobile and mobile Contexts."
We don't program that application.
It was the work of very smart people in the New urban Mechanical Office work.
One day, this really happened -- comes really, comes this standard, "Cancer in my barrier. I don't know if it's dead.
How do I get to it?"
The Ding Connection dynamics is different.
Scott was talking in person.
In Connection Connection everything is public, so everyone can see this.
In this case, I saw it a neighbors.
The next report, he said, "I got to the place, I found the garbage cube behind the house.
Zarroway? Yes.
I turned the cube. I went home.
Good night, sheet barrier."
Pretty simple.
This is great. It's the confluence of the digital and the physics.
And it's also a great example of the income of government into distributed voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And here I don't necessarily mean the technical definition of platform.
I talk about a platform for people to help and help others.
So one citizen helped another, but the government had a key role here.
He connected the two people.
And it could have connected them with the government services of being necessary, but neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When one neighbor helps another, strengthen communities.
If we call the animals control, that's a lot of money.
One important thing we need to think about government is that it's not the same thing that politics.
A lot of people understand it, but think that one is the other.
That our input to the government system is vote.
How many times have you chosen a political leader, sometimes we spend a lot of energy in order to choose a new political leader and then hope that government reflects our values, but then we don't see changes.
That is because government is like an immense ocean and politics is the surface layer of 15 feet.
So it's what we call bureaucratic.
And we say that word with a lot of contempt.
But it's that dependence that keeps us that that that belongs to something that is operating in our contrast, that other thing, and we are losing power.
People think politics is sexy.
If we want this institution to work we have to make the bureaucracy sexy.
Because that's where the real government happens.
We need to collaborate with government machinery.
That makes the Ocean movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of concerned citizens who have written a very detailed report of 325 pages in response to the assumption of the SETI "Manual -- about the financial reform project.
That's not political activism -- it's bureaucratic activism.
And for those of us to the government, it's time that we ask ourselves what world we want to leave to our kids.
You have to see the huge challenges that they will face.
Do you think we're going to get to where we have to go with without solving the institution that can act in the name of all of all of all of all of them to be able to act out of it?
We can't prefer government, we need it to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology is possible to rethink the function of government so that it can expand to civil society.
There is a generation that grew up with the Internet, and it knows that it's not so hard to act in a manufacturing -- just articulate the systems in the right way.
The average age of members is 28 years old, so I am, recorded, I'm a lot older than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face on who's going to talk about, they're all going to talk about.
They can express their opinions in any channel at the same time and they do.
So when you face the government problem, you don't really care a lot to make your voices hear their voices.
They're using hands.
They put hands into the work to program applications that make it work better to the government.
And those applications allow us to use their hands to improve our communities.
It can be cleaned up a hydrant -- starting to stay back, dumping a garbage cube that has a barrier inside.
Of course, we could always have cleaned those hydrant and lots of people do.
But these applications are as digital reminder that we're not only consumer consumers, we're not only consumers of government consumers that we pay and get services.
We are more than that, we are citizens.
And we're not going to fix government until we don't fix the citizen.
So I want to ask all of the present, when it's about the important things that we have to do together, all together, will we be a voice crowd, or will we be a volunteering manufacturing?"
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in jail, prisons and in the death row, and the death of death.
I've spent most of my life in marginalized communities, in projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And being here at TED watching and hearing these stimulations has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time, is that TED has identity.
And the things that are said here are impact around the world.
In occasion, if something comes from TED, it has a sense and a force that would not have otherwise.
I mean, this because I think identity is truly important.
So here we see fantastic presentation.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense, but if they teach them with feeling, they can have a special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, if it's charitable -- it can achieve a lot more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't really learn this in the practice of the right, my job.
I learned from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of an African-American family, dominated by a marriage, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, I had power.
It was the last word in everything discussion in the family.
She started many of the discussions in our home.
It was a daughter of people who had been slaves.
His parents were born in the slavery in Virginia.
She was born over the 1980s and his experience with the slavery held the way around the world.
She was hard, but she was also love.
When I was little, and I looked at her, she was approaching me and gave me a good hug hug.
I was so strong I could barely breathe, and then I was out of it.
One or two hours later, I went back to it, and I came back and said, "Brillian, still feel my air airport?
And if I told him no, I would take me back and if he said yes, I would leave in peace.
I had this human quality that made you always want to be close to it.
The only problem is I had 10 children.
My mother was the youngest in the 10.
In occasion, when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture her time and her attention.
My cousins were running around.
I remember when I was eight or nine years, I woke up one morning, and I went to the room and there were all my cousins.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room, and I looked at it.
At first, I thought it was a game.
So he looked at her and smiled, but she was very serious.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she stood up, through the room, took me out of my hand and he said, "You see Brazil. The two is Brazil. The two we're going to convert."
I remember this as if I was yesterday.
I'll never forget it.
He took me outside and he said, "Britain, I'll tell you something, but you can't tell anybody.
I said, "Okay, May! Mamba."
She said, "Now let me show you not them." I said, "Sure."
Then I sat down, and he looked at me, and he looked at me, and he said, "I want you to know I've been looking at you."
And he said, "I think you're special.
He said, "I think you can do whatever you want.
I'll never forget it.
Then he said, "I just want you to promise me three things, Bran."
I said, "Sure, May! Mam."
And he said, "The first thing I want you to promise is you always want your mother."
Audio, "She is my daughter, and you have to promise that to always care."
As I loved my mom, I said, "Yes, Mama, I'm going to do it."
Then he said, "The second thing I want you to promise is you will always do the right thing, even though the right thing is hard."
I thought and I said, "Yes, Mama. So I'll do it."
Then finally he said, "The third I want you to promise me is you never drink alcohol."
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yes, Mama, so I'll do it."
I grew up in the field, in the south south -- I have a brother one year old and a sister a year a younger year.
When I was 14 or 15, one day my brother came home with a six beers -- I don't know where I did, I grabbed my sister and I grabbed for the forest.
We just got to do the crazy lines.
He took a beer of beer, I offered my sister, she took a little bit and offered me to me.
I said, "No, no, no. Okay.
My brother said, "Come on.
I took something, your sister as well. I took a beer."
I said, "No, I wouldn't feel good. You can go on."
Then my brother looked at me.
And he said, "What's going on? Take a beer."
I was struck with force and he goes, "Oh, not to be you're still thinking about the conversation with May."
I said, "But what are you talking about?"
He said, "Man tells all the grandchildren who are special.
I was staying.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something I probably shouldn't say.
I know this will be spread away.
But I'm 52 years old, and I can admit that I've never taken a drop of alcohol.
I don't say this is virtually. I tell you about the power that you have the identity.
When we create the right kind of identity, we say things to others that really don't see it.
We can't get to do things that don't believe to be able to do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all his grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been pressure during the ban proposition.
My uncle died of age-related diseases.
And these were the things that, according to it, we had to commit to us.
Now, try to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is now very different than it was 40 years ago.
In 1973, there were 300,000 prisoners.
Today there are 2.3 million.
In America, we have the largest incarceration rate in the world.
We have seven million people in traditional freedom.
And this mass engagement, in my opinion, has fundamentally changed our world.
In poor communities or black, it finds so much deforestation, so much despair.
One of every three black between the 18, and 30 years is in prison or in conditioning freedom.
In urban communities all over the country, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Baltimore Washington, 50 to 60 percent of all color young people are in prison or in parole.
Our system is not only just distorted in front of the race, it's also about poverty.
In this country, we have a judicial system that is much better if you're rich and guilty that if you're poor and innocent.
It's not calculation, but wealth is not carefully considerably.
And it seems to be very quiet to us.
The politics of fear and future makes us believe that these aren't problems.
We are disconnected.
It seems interesting.
We're looking at our work some very curious development development.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as in other states, they prefer to you for always if you have a criminal condition.
Right now in Alabama, 34 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to vote.
And if we project it over the next 10 years the level of rights will be as elevated as before they approved the law of the right to vote.
We have this awesome silence.
I represent children.
Many of my customers are very young.
America is the only country in the world where it feels like 13 years to die in prison.
We have in this country prison for kids, without any possibility to come before.
Right now, we're in a process of some literature.
The only country in the world.
I represent people in the death row.
This death penalty issue is interesting.
In some sense, have you actually taught us that the final question is, people deserve to die for the crime crimes?
Very sensitive question.
But you can think about how we are in our identity.
There's another way to look at it -- it's not about deciding whether people deserve to die for crimes in the commit of crimes, but we deserve killed.
This is interesting.
The death penalty in America is defined by error.
In every nine people, they have identified one that is innocent and liberated the death of death.
A mistake of error -- an innocent in every nine.
This is interesting.
The aviation would not be allowed to paint airplanes if in every nine that they wanted, one would be structured.
But somehow we isolate the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our charge.
It's not our struggle.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and this issue of whether we deserve killed.
It's interesting that in my classes with students about African-American history, I talk to them about slavery.
I talk about terrorism, the time I started at the end of the rebuilding and lasted to the Second World War.
Really, we don't know a lot about this.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a little bit defined by the terrorism.
In many communities, people were afraid of being left.
They worried about being bombarded to them.
The threat of the terror was what defined their lives.
Now there are older people who come up to me and say, "Mr. Stevenson, you tell them talks to me, makes speeches talking to people who stop saying that in our history, we figure out for the first time with terrorism, after 1960.
They ask me to say, "No, I say we grew up with that."
The era of the terror, obviously, with the safety and decades of radio and decades of superconductor.
In this country, we have a dynamics that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And this is why we haven't understood the meaning of what we've historically done.
We all collide with each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflict.
It costs us work to talk about race. I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a real process and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that you couldn't overcome race without a commitment to truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before genocide had this commitment, but in this country we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving conferences on death row.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said, "You know it's good care to listen to what you're saying.
Again, we don't have death row in Germany.
We will never have to be able to do it here."
The room was in silence and a lady said, "There's no way that we had our history, we could never get into the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we, intentional and deliberately, we were going to be experiencing people."
Think about this.
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany, would run to people, especially if they were in their majority Jewish?
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be irrational.
And yet, there is this disconnect.
I think our identity is in danger.
If we don't really worry about these very difficult issues, the positive things and wonderful things are, though, implied.
We love innovation.
We dislike technology. We adore creativity.
We love the entertainment.
But lately those realities are suggested by suffering, abuse, democracy, marriage.
In my opinion, you need to integrate both things.
We basically talk about the need to have more hope, greater commitment, more dedication with the basic challenges of this complex world.
And I think that means to spend more time thinking and talking about the poor, the deadly, the deadly, that will never come to TED.
Think about them is, in a way, something that's inside our being.
It's true that we have to believe in issues we haven't seen.
So we are. Even though we are so rational, so committed to the intellectual.
With innovation, the development comes not just of the brain ideas.
These things come from food ideas as well as heart conversations.
This connection of the mind with heart is what drives us to look at not only in the brilliant and disappointed, but also in the dark and the difficult.
Valley Hall, the great cheese leader, talked about it.
He said, "When we were in East Europe, suffering the oppression of all kinds of things, but mostly what we needed to be hope, but primarily what we needed to be hope for the spirit -- a willingness to be in place sites and being teachers."
Well, that orientation for the spirit is virtually at the heart of what I think, that even in communities like TED, must be exposed.
There is no discovery related to technology and design, which allows us to be truly human if we don't pay the attention to poverty, to exclusion.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make an identity much more challenging than if we ignore these things.
Let's go back to them.
I had the great privilege being a very young lawyer -- to meet Rosa Parks.
These women get together just to speak.
Occasionally, Mr. Carolina called me to say, "Britain, comes the Paris Park. We're going to get together to talk.
Do you want to come and listen to them and listen to it?
I said, "Be lady. I do."
So she said, "Well, and what do you do when you come from?"
I was like, "Listen to them.
So I went and just heard them.
It was a very very very very very very limb.
And in one occasion, I was there, listening to these ladies, and after a couple of hours, Mr. Parks came to me and said, "Now Brazil, me says to me and said, "Now Brazil, let me be that idea of equality.
Tell me what you're trying to do."
And I started giving my speech.
I said, "Well, we're trying to question injustice.
We try to help those who have been convicted immediately.
We try to confront prejudice and discrimination in criminal justice.
We try to end up with the feelings of life, without parole.
We try to do something about death row.
We try to reduce the population in prisons.
We try to end up with mass schools."
I gave all my best speech, and when I first looked at me and said, "I'm My meme meme." </s> meme."
And he said, "You will get exhausted, very sleep.
At that time, Mr. Carloca included, I stood up in the face and said, "This is why you have to be very but very valuable."
I think actually, the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We need to find ways to deal with those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because finally, humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I have come to understand and believe that every one of us is higher to the worst than we ever made.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if someone says a lie, it's not because it's a liar.
I'm sure if someone takes something that doesn't belong, it's not that it's a steel.
Even if someone kills someone else, it's not that it's an murder.
So I think there's a basic dignity in people who must be respected by law.
I also think that in many parts of this country and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not wealth.
That's what it is.
I really think that in many parts the opposite of poverty is justice.
And finally, I think that even though it is very dramatic, very beautiful, very lighting, very stable, very stable, not going to be going to be our technology, for our designs -- not for our intellectual or rational capacity.
At the end of a society, the character of a society, not as they treat rich, powerful and privileged rich, but as they treat the poor, the conditions, the press.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand truly profound issues about what we are.
I feel scaling in occasions, I'm going to end up with a story.
Sometimes I do too much force.
It was tired, like everyone.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasoning in an important way.
I've been representing these kids who have been sentenced to have a lot of horizon.
I go to jail and I see my 13-year-old customers and 14 years old, which have been qualified to be judge as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge turn to someone in what's not it?
The judge took him as an adult, but I see a child.
One night later, I was awake. For God, if the judge can become something you don't are, you must have magical powers.
Yes, Brazil, the judge has magical powers.
You should ask some of that.
As it was too late, I couldn't think correctly, but I started working in a medicine.
I had a 14 year-old client, small, poor, black.
I started working in the move, with a notion that said, "Mosland so that my black client for my 14 year-old black is treated as a private white white white white white white.
In the move, I put there that there had been independent behavior in accessible, in behavior of police and in the process.
There was an advanced line about how in this country there is no ethical but a whole lack of ethics.
And the next morning, I woke up thinking that insulin motivation would be a dream or really written?
For my horror, not only had it cut it down, but he had sent it to the cut.
About two months, I had forgotten it.
And I finally decided --   God, I have to go to the court for this stupid case.
I jumped into the car, and I felt really graded, overwhelmed.
I was in the car to join me.
I thought this would be very difficult and penguin.
I finally went out of the car. I was walking to court.
I was going up the stairs when I met with a bigger black man, and it was the conservation of judgment of the joy.
When he saw me, he came up and he said, "Who is you?"
I said, "I'm a lawyer, he said, "Is you a lawyer? I said yes. I said yes.
So I got approached and opened.
And I whispered in the ear.
He said, "I'm proud of you."
I have to tell you now that that was very impressive.
That was deeply connected to me, deeply with my identity with the capacity that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I walked into the audience room.
When I arrived, the judge saw me.
And he said, "Mr. Stevenson, you wrote this mother mother?
I said, "Yes, Mr. I was me? And we started discussion.
People started coming in. Everyone was indicate.
I was the one who had written those madness.
It came to the police, the assistant physics, the advances.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was full of people -- all fun, because we talk about race, because we talk about poverty, because we talk about inequality.
With the robot random I got to see the advice that I was going to see and came.
He looked at the window and he was able to hear all of that scream.
I kept walking around here, and for there.
Finally, this old black witness, I walked into the room and I walked into the room and sat behind me, almost on the table.
About 10 minutes later, the judge took a recession.
During the rest of the algorithm he showed it offered because the consensus had entered the room.
The assistant was attached to the old black.
And he said, "Jim, what do you do in the audience room?
And the old black stood stood up, I looked at the assistant -- I looked at me and said, "I'm going to this audience room to tell this young man who kept his view on his object with a silver."
I have come to TED today because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very big, but it folds towards justice.
That we can't be truly human evolved if we don't care about human rights and dignity.
That our survival is linked to others.
That our visions of technology, design, entertainment and creativity must lead to the fraction and compassion and justice.
And above all, those of you who share this, I just want to tell you that they keep the view in the target with feed.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard of your hearing and see an obvious desire from the audience, of this community, to help in your purpose, to do something.
Something that's not a cheese. What can we do?
BJ: There are several opportunities nearby.
If you live in California, for example, there will be a reflection this spring in which an effort is going to be able to rethink the funds that are spent today in punishment policy.
For example, here in California, it's going to spend a billion dollars on death row, in the next five years. A billion dollars.
And despite this, 46 percent of the human cases don't conclude in arrest.
65 percent of rapes come to nothing.
Here's a chance of change.
And this reflection is going to propose these funds to make it happen, to make the law, to security.
I think there is a very close opportunity.
CA: There's been a huge decline in crime crime in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation, you say it has to do with the biggest incarceration rate.
What would you say to those who believe it?
BJ: Actually, the rate of crime with violence has remained relatively stable.
The great growth growth in this country is not for crimes violence.
It's for the wrong war against drugs.
That's why this dramatic increase comes up in the carbon population.
And we let us convince the punishment retrofit.
We have three legal causes to bring people to the period of perpetual chain, to steal a bicycle, by stealing little crimes against property instead of making those resources to their victims.
I think we need to do more to help victims of the victims and not less.
It seems that our current philosophy on punishment doesn't do anything by anyone.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Brazil, you've been excited about today.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for coming to TED. Thank you.
Local, they grow the threats by the death of Bin Laden.
Local 2: Hample in Somalia. Local 3: The police was throwing the O.C. gas.
Local 4: posters. Label the Finger, Counter 5: dear models.
Local Decamentation. Social decade. Local school, 65 dead.
Local 8: Alexander of Tasmanian -- College 9: Congress.
Several lockers." War the narrative. Tornado. Tornd.
Receiver. Bank. End Justine. Egypt.
crisis. death. Disaster.
Oh, my God.
Peter Diagnosis, these are just some of the clips that I came in in the last six months. They could surely be the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that media media prefer to provide negative news, because our minds pay attention to them.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second of every day, our senses get a lot more data than probably the brain can process.
And as nothing else matters more than survive, the first stop of all that data is an old fragment of the temporal lobe called a shark.
The amygdala is our early warning detector, the danger detector.
I ordered and recorded all the information looking for something in the environment that could make us harm.
So about a dozen stories we will prefer to look at negative.
That old reflection of the press, "If there's blood, sales, it's very true.
And because all digital devices give us negative news seven days of the week, 24 hours a day, 24 hours a day, no wonder that we are pessimistic.
No surprise that people think the world goes from bad in the worse.
But maybe not.
Maybe, instead, what really happens is that we get distribution.
Perhaps the enormous progress done in the last century by a series of forces is speeding up so that we have the potential to create an abundance world in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problem: climate change, species extinction of species and water extinction and energy and energy -- no doubt we have.
As human beings are very good at advancing the problems, and in the long we ended up with them.
So let's look at what happens in the last century to see where we go.
In the last hundred years, life average is more than doubled the average income per capita for inflation has been tripled around the world.
Child mortality has been reduced 10 times.
In addition, the cost of food is electricity, transportation and communication, has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Printon showed us that we're living the most peaceful in the history of humanity.
And Charles Kennedy spent the world's literacy spent from 25 to over 80 percent over 80 percent in years.
We're actually living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it.
And we keep getting higher and higher expectations.
In fact, we redefine the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, today in America, much of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity, water, bathrooms, refrigerators telescopes, television, air conditioning and cars.
The bank mammals of the past century, the planet employees would never have dreamed with such luxury.
Supporting a lot of this is technology and lately its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that comes from the technology technology jumps in this curve, Moore's Law, and double the performance of price in about 12 to 24 months.
And so the mobile reason that you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and a million times faster than a superconductor in the '70s.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First, how soft it is, in good and bad times, in war and peace, in recent, and in deployment and advance.
It's the fast computers of fast computers used to build faster.
It doesn't stop before none of the big challenges.
And even though it's plotted in a law on the left, it goes up up.
The growth rate of technology is increasingly quick.
And in this curve, at the heart of Moore's Law, there is a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today.
The computing in the cloud, that my friends of Autonomous computing computing and sensors and networks, robotics, 3D printing and their ability to democratize personalized production across the planet, synthetic biology, fuel, vaccines, and food, digital production across the planet, the synthetic and the American medicine.
I mean, how many of you saw the victory in Jefferson of Watson, from IBM from IBM: of IBM of IBM."
It was pile.
I looked at the newspapers, the best headline that there would be.
And I loved this: "Watson comes to human opposites."
"Jeopardy" is not a easy game.
It plays with the mathematics of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everyone in the phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Sandyle University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how can you use to solve the big challenges of humanity.
And every year we ask them to lead a company, or a product or service, that can potentially affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact the lives of a billion people.
Thirty years ago that would have sounded absurd.
Today we can point to a dozens of companies that have done it.
When I think of creating abundance, it doesn't mean creating fancy life for every single single room on the planet, it's about creating a life of it.
It's about taking that stuff that is scarce, and it comes to it.
You see, the scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
I'll give you an example.
It's a story of Navidian Anderson in the 1800s.
He's the guy on the left.
He invited dinner Singapore to six.
National troops ate with silver covers, and the same Navidord, the same with gold.
But the king of Six Silver comes out of aluminum covered with aluminum covered in it.
You see, the aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet -- it was more than gold and plate.
That's why the Monotry tip of Washington is alien.
You see, although the aluminum is 83 percent of the Earth's mass, it doesn't come as a pure metal metal.
It's bound by oxygen and the silences.
But then the electrons came up and made the aluminum something so cheap that we used it as if it was descriptionally.
We project this analogy towards the future.
Let's think of energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a planet by 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They come to the Earth 16 power therapies every 88 minutes.
It's not about scale, it's accessible.
And there's good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar power in India is 50 percent less than the gene generated by distance, 88 rupees versus 17 rupees.
The cost of solar energy is 50 percent last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the United States, in the United States, solar electricity cost six cents a hour compared to six cents in the national average.
And if we have energy abundance as well.
Let's talk now about wars in the water.
Remember when Carl Samula was put the Voyager spacecraft on the Earth, in 1990, after the Saturday?
It took a famous picture. How did it call it?
"A blue dot point."
Because we live in a water planet.
We live on a planet in 70 percent per water.
Yes, 97 percent is saltwater water, two percent is ice, and we fight for a percent of the water of the planet, but here's hope.
It's a technology available about not 10 or 20 years, but right now.
It comes the nanotechnology, the naturally.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the innovators of the rainforest -- I'd like to share with you, and he gave me permission to do -- his technology called Sylvia -- you know, it's the size of a small refrigerator.
It's able to generate 1,000 gallons of clean water on the day of any source -- water salary, contaminated water, a legal -- for less than two cents a gallon.
The president of Coca-Cola just agreed to do an important test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes right, and I have full confidence that it will be, Coca-Cola will completely implement in 26 countries on the planet.
This is an innovation made by this technology that there is today.
And we've seen it in mobile phones.
My God, we're going to get to 70 percent penetration of mobile phones in the developing world by 2013.
Think about it, that massive warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And, I mean, with an intelligent cell with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of information and communications that no one could ever predict before.
Better than that, the things that you and I have paid tens and hundreds of thousands of thousands of dollars, and hundreds of thousands of dollars -- HIV video, images, books and music, medical school technology, now they display and lose market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best thing is when the health applications surround.
Last month, I had the pleasure to announce with the White Foundation, something called the X Clay Prize, 10 million dollars.
We are challenging teams of the world in order to combine these technologies in a mobile device that they talk, and because of A.I. it has A.I. -- they can take blood from the finger of finger.
To win it has to make better diagnoses than a certified medical equipment.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world, where there are no doctors, where the microscope charge is 25 percent of the health care is 25 percent workers.
When this device sequence is a RNA virus or DNA that I don't know, call the health care and first of all, will prevent the pandemic that happens.
But this is the greatest force of producing a world of abundance.
I call it the one billion increases.
The white lines here are the population.
We just moved the mark of the seven billion.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to play the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, it'll go from two billion to five billion users on the Internet.
Three billion minds never before they add to global conversation.
What would these people?
What would you do? What do you want to do?
And instead of an economic collapse will have the greatest economic injection in history.
These people represent tens of trillion dollars injected in the global economy.
And they're going to get more health care to the Prince, from a better education with the Khan Khan education with the Kolla Academy and because of the use of computers in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can you provide three billion more members of humanity, healthy health and productive?
How about a voices never before?
What if we give the operations, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and can be able to act for the first time?
What would you bring these 3,000 billion?
What if they are contributions that we can't predicted?
One thing that I learned with the X Prize is that small teams -- guided by their passion with a clear goal, can do extraordinary things, things that before only could do the big corporations and the governments.
I'm going to end up sharing a story that really excited.
There's a program that perhaps some of you know.
It's called Poland.
I came up at the University of Washington University in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino and figure out how to fold the protein of the protein.
The folds determine structure and functionality.
It's very important in medical research.
And so far, it was a support problem.
They've played with this university professor.
Then hundreds of thousands of people were used and began to play it.
And it's shown that today the human pattern recognition is better folding proteins than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge trust in the future is that today we have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the income in the stream.
We have the capital of the technique.
And we have three new minds of new minds that will be used to work on the solution of big challenges and do what we should do.
We have a few extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
The cost of the baseline.
And as the idea can be explained in a minute, before I give you three examples to make time.
The first story is Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1888.
Maybe they believed pictures, but it didn't.
It actually gets fish.
And he described to one of them as "not "emission."
It was the series.
And it was a lot of fish for the 1980s.
Now the fish is in the Red Lines of the UNICEF.
But we've heard this story many times about Galapagos and other places, so that doesn't have anything special.
But the case is that we still come to the Galapagos.
We still think they're primate.
The brochures still say they follow intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept, the shifting of painting.
Because I was there in 1971 studying a lagoon in West Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could integrate it.
I was very burned with the sun and I was convinced that I was not there.
This is my first exposure to the sun.
The lake was surrounded by palms, and as you can see, from some mangrove there.
There were the talents of about 20 inches -- the black beard, the black barrier.
And the fish of this therapy was very abundant and passed for a good moment, so it was earning more than half a Ghana.
When I went there 27 years later the amount of fish had gone down to half.
They were made at five inches.
They experienced a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In some ways, they still were happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
I mean, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was engaged in the introduction of the crash fishing fishery in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s -- well, in the 1970s, Europe made a lot of development projects.
Fish development I was supposed to impose to countries that already had 100,000 fisheries, imposing industrial fishing.
And this boat, quite ugly -- called the 4.
I went out to fish on him, and we did studies in Southern China of Minister and especially in the Sea.
What we captured out there was an unexpected thing.
Now, we captured, the sea bottom of the sea.
Ninety 90 percent of what we capture were people, other animals who are at the bottom.
And most fish are tiny blobs about some of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of a coral reef.
In short, the sea floor came to the cover and then was closed.
These images are extraordinary, because transition is very quick.
In a year, you do a study and then start the commercial fishing.
The background is going to be a solid bottom of collaboration, in this case, to be a local.
This is a dead turtles.
They didn't eat them because they were dead. They were dead.
Once we capture a live.
I was still not slide.
Then they wanted to kill because it was a good food.
This mountain mountain is what they collect fishermen every time they go to an area where they have never fish.
But it doesn't get documented out.
We transform the world, but we didn't remember it.
We added the point of parties, the new level, without remembering what was there.
If we generalize this stuff something like this.
On the axis and we have good things: biodiversity, bit of choirs, the green of the country, the water supply of water.
And that changes over time. It changes because people do things with nature.
Each generation will be used to the images of their conscious life as normal as normal and extracting it forward.
The difference is that the loss.
But they don't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the suffering of changes.
And at the end of it to keep a few other missions.
And that, in large measure, we want to do it now.
We want to keep things that aren't anymore, or they're not what they are.
But you should think that problem affects people when the predatory societies kill animals without knowing what they've done to some generations later.
Because, obviously, an animal that is very subjective, before we get extinct, it's unlikely.
You don't lose nice animals.
You lose very little animals.
Even if this doesn't perceive a great loss.
Over time, we focus on big animals, and in a sea sea of large fish.
They become a little bit frequent because we fish.
Over time there are few fish, but we think that's the point of stage.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, a lot of people are scientists, scientists, they want to be very different.
And they're going to do it because evidence presented in a way before they don't expect the evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some of them is supported as a captain and such as captain a lot of fish in this area can't be used or, usually not using the scientists in fish because it's not scientist."
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, even though we live in instrumental societies, because they don't rely on the sources of the past.
From there the enormous role that can make a protected marine area.
Because with protected marine areas, we really remember the past.
So let's remember the past that people can't conceive because the game point has come down and it's very low.
So that's for the people who can see a marine protected area, and they can benefit from the vision that they propose, which allows them to erase their particle.
And what about people who can't do it because they don't have access, like people in the Middle East, for example?
I think there are arts and cinema maybe can fill the vacuum. The simulation.
This is a simulation from the Bay of Chicago.
A long time ago, there were gray whales in the Chicago Bay, 500 years ago.
And you'll have noticed that mathematics and the tons of the some are like "Adam."
And if you think about "Adam," if you think about the film -- if you think about people being touched with the movie -- and why would you move with images?"
Because it makes something that, in a sense, has lost.
So my recording, the only one to give, is to Camero Air "Adam under the water.
Thank you very much.
Hi. I'm Kevin Allen, the General Treating manager, and I look at YouTube videos in a professional way.
It's true.
So today we're going to see why videos become viral and how important it is.
We all want to be stars, celebrity, singing, comments -- when I was younger, that seemed very, very difficult.
But today the web video makes any of us, or our actions, is conceivable in a part of our global culture.
Anyone can be famous on the Internet in a sanction.
More than 48 hours from over 48 hours of YouTube per minute.
And, of course, only a little percentage of that, just a little percentage gets virtual, and you gain cultural mumminine.
How does that happen?
Three things: creating trends of trends and conversations communities and surprise.
Well, let's start.
Bell Valleton: Oh, my God, my God.
Oh my God!
Wow.
HeFica, water."
KA: Last year, Bell Vercen published this film in the National Park.
In 2010, it was seen 23 million times.
This graph shows the reproduction in the popular advantage of the past summer.
Bell is not likely to make a viral video.
I just wanted to share a double rainbow.
That's what you do if you're called Mosth Ben Bear.
I had already published many videos of nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Kimmy.
Jimmy Kimmy published this tweet that would catal to the video of population.
The trend creators like Jimmy Kimmy presents us things new and interesting new and successful things.
Rebecca Blair:  It's Friday, Veronomara. You have to start the very weekend.   Everybody wants it to come over the weekend.   Everybody wants it to come over the weekend, the weekend.   Friday Verneah, you see, starting the Vietnamese.  KA: You won't think we could have this conversation without talking about this video.
"Good Black Brainest is one of the most popular videos of the year.
They saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the frequency of use.
Just like "Archie Army Dough, this video seemed to have emerged from nothing.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true.
And if you ask them for those other piles, they're also Vietnamese.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday Friday severe?
Well, he took Tom Toyota and many blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Nelson for Missisance Science Thorogy, was one of the first people to do a joke on the video on Twitter.
But the important thing is that a person or a group of trends created a point of view and share it with a broader audience, accelerating the process.
So, this community of people who share this big internal joke then starts talking about it and doing things.
And now there are 10,000 paradoxes in YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for each other one of the other days.
Unlike conventional entertainment entertainment, this community participation is our way of being part of the phenomenon of being part -- or doing something new with that.
"Kan Catterear is a repetitive animation with a music accelerating.
So that's it. That's it.
This year saw it about 50 million times.
And if you think that's rare, you know that there's a version of three hours that has seen four million times.
Even the cats saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats see the video.
But what's important here is the creativity that I wake up between the digital community of the Internet.
There were suggested.
Somebody made a version of it.
And then it became international and then became international then.
Suddenly it came up a whole community of scale that made this going to happen to being a stupid joke to something that we all can form part.
Because today we don't just enjoy, participate.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who could have predicted "Archie Aristotle or Rebelling Blair or "Kan Catterea?
What a script could you have written this situation?
In a world where two days of video come up with two days of video -- only that truly unique and unexpected it can be able to be in the way these things have done.
When a friend told me that I had to look at this great video of a guy who protests against the shelves in New York, I admit that I don't care too much.
Casey Standard, I was driven by no bit of the bionics, but there are often obstacles that prevent you directly by biomimicry.
KA: Thanks the surprise and his humor, Casey State achieved that five million watched and understood his idea.
And so this approach is worth the whole new thing that we do individually.
And all of this leads us to a big question.
Bear Valley: What does this mean?
Thailand.
KA: What does this mean?
Transparent creative, creative communities of participation, the totally unexpected, are characteristics of a new kind of media, from a new culture, that we all have access and is the audience that defines popularity defines population.
As I said before, one of the current celebrities in the world, Justin Berkeley, started on YouTube.
They don't ask permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little owners of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media, they're just the current media, but they define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that's still broken.
Let me tell you about some of the parts.
Imagine the first piece -- a man burning the work of a whole life.
It's a poet, a dramatic, a man whose entire life has been supported in the entire hope of the unit and freedom of his country.
So imagine it as communities come in in Sancy, facing the fact that their life had totally been in value.
The words -- for so long, my friends are now burning it.
It was reflected in silence.
He died brought by the story.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not letting that have been in value, and my lesson was to learn that story tried to be able to be associated with, but we supported.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat in love to selectively decision towards sea.
My mother, May, was only 18 years old when her father died, and a connected marriage and two small girls.
For her, life had been determined to a task alone, the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
It was inconceivable to her I couldn't do it.
And after a four years of a four years that disappears, a boat is standing down into the sea with the fisheries disguised by fishing fish.
All the adults knew the risk.
The biggest fear were the pirate piles, rape and death.
As most adults, my mother took a failure with poison.
If you capture us, we first would take away my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant pace of the engine, the crash surrounding in every wave and the horizon horizon and values.
I don't remember prisoners who came several times, but they were fooled.
But I remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malay, and the young man who collapsed and died, ending the journey was too much for him, and the first apple that I tried, given by the men in the platform that I tried to give out of it.
No apple had any apple after the same flavor.
After three months in a refugee field in a refugee camp.
And the next piece of puzzle is about four women throughout three generations, shaping a new life together.
We set up in Fourne, a class of a class of a piece of work is on the opening of the immune.
Unlike the middle class of the middle class -- whose existence I unknown, in Fourie, had no sense of the right.
The smell that came from the shops were the rest of the world.
And the entropy English fragments were traded between people who had one thing in common: they were starting again.
My mother worked in farmers, then on a car assembly line, working six days, double tower.
Yet, I found time to study English and get a title at TED technology.
We were poor.
Every dollar were assigned to be analyzed, and established an extra tutor in English and mathematics, no matter what you should take off, which was generally collapse, was always a second hand.
Two pairs of media for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniform to the tops, because I had to last six years.
And there were weird singing and painful singing about the "ground eyes, and some graphics, "Stages, go home."
At home, where?
Something else on me.
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said, "I'm going to survive them."
My mother, my sister and I slept in the same bed.
My mother was excelled every night, but we were told about our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suffered from his hairs, all of the boat.
And my task was to be wake up until his nightmares started to be able to wake up.
She opened a computer store, then he studied to be a statistic and opened another business.
And women came with their stories about men who couldn't make the transition, angry and infinitely, and traffic kids trapped between two worlds.
They were looking for subsidies and pathogens.
And the centers were created.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was the classic Islamic student -- it was involved with what I demand.
In the other, it was rooted in predatory lives, tragically shorted by violence, drug abuse and insulation.
But many of them received aid over the years.
And for that work, when I studied my last year of lawyer, I was elected by the year.
And I was a catalyst of a piece of puzzle to the other, but their edges didn't fit out.
And so I read an anonymous former Force, which was now so Real, refugee and social activist invited to talk about sites that I had never heard of, and at home whose existence had never imagined.
I didn't know the protocols me.
I didn't know how to use the covers.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to go back to the routine and the conference of life in an iconic suburb -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters finishing the day as they did for almost 20 years, telling me about every one of and staying asleep, the three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom that I couldn't do it.
It reminded me that I had now the same age that she had when we went to the ship.
The nothing has been an option.
"Do it say, "Do you know, and you're not what you are."
So I talked about youth and education and education and deforestation to the marginalized and the translated.
And the more frankly, the more frankly, the more it was specialized.
I met people from all the paths of life, many of them doing what they love, living in the border of possible.
And even though I ended up my license, I realized I couldn't stay in a lawyer career.
There had to be another piece of puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it's okay to be an unknown an event, a whole new one, new on the scene -- and not only is it right, but it's something that will be grateful, maybe a gift of the boat.
Because to be inside it can easily mean to the horizon, it can easily mean to accept the assumptions of your province.
I gave enough steps out of my comfort zone to know that, yes, the world destroys, but not the way we fear about.
Possibilities that had not been allowed to be allowed tremendously.
There was a energy there, an implanting optimism, a rare mixture of humility.
So I followed my intuition.
I joined a small group of people who the slogan can't do was an irresistible challenge.
For a year we didn't have a penny in it.
At the end of every day, I did a giant smell of soup that we all share.
And we worked right at night.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some brilliant ideas were crazy.
I made the decision to move to the United States.
After one trip.
My heart again.
Three months later I had moved and the adventure.
Before I end, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up in a time where confusion was the social norm and the local Mandarin was the person who matters.
Life hadn't changed for centuries.
Her father died shortly after she was born.
The mother raised it.
At the age of 17, it became a concept of a Mandela whose mother hitting her.
No support of his husband, caused a revolution to demand to it, and take the cause itself, and much more I wrapped when I won.
It can't be shown to be wrong.
I was in the shower in the room of a hotel in Sydney when she died, to 1,000 miles in Mellon.
And I looked through the shower of shower and I stood on the other side.
I knew that he had come to me.
My mother called minutes later.
Two days later, we went to a Buddhist temple, and we sat around the attack.
We told stories and we make sure we were still with her.
At night a monk came up and told us that I had to close the attack.
My mother asked us to feel his hand.
I asked the monkey, "Why is his hand hot, and the rest of the body so cold, and the rest of the body?
"Because you've taken your hand since the morning said.
"You haven't sould solved."
If there's a nerve in our family, that email through women.
Since we were and how life was formed to us, we now can see that the men who had arrived in our lives would have been frustrated.
The defeat.
Now I want to have my own kids, and I wonder about the boat.
Who could wish that for it?
However, I fear the privilege of the right, the right.
Can I give you a trick in your lives, diving brave in every wave, the previous pace of the engine, the vast horizon that doesn't guarantee anything?
I don't know.
But if I could do it and look at it, I would do it.
Transparency Nelson, and also the mother of that is so much today in the fourth or fifth row.
My story starts in Raises about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the middle sky, with the Sufi Channel Mountain.
So we were conversation of how nothing has changed since the old Indian copyright is the Mahabul Mandela."
In those days when the Indians wanted to travel to a car and we were surrounding the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
So at that time, when Arabia, the great Indian war printed -- he got a bow and got a bow and with a arrow to the ground, get water.
We do the same thing with talks and machines.
The conclusion we pulled out was that the machinery had replaced magic.
And that made me a lot of it.
Every time I felt a little more menual.
I was terrified of this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciating a loss if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't take my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow the magic to be not killed.
As a child, my grandfather gave me his pocket silver picked.
And this 50-year-old technological piece was to my the most magical thing.
It became a gateway door to a world full of images, of prisoners and barriers in my imagination.
I had the feeling that mobile phones and luxury clocks and the cameras that we do.
They train our inspiration.
That's why I was launched, I came to this technological world to see how to use to create magic, rather than killing it.
It illustrates books.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a narrative device able to connect to the readers of the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where we are.
Add the text with the image, animation, sound and touch.
narrative becomes increasingly multiple.
But what does that look like?
I'm about to launch Khan, an interactive application for iPad.
He says, "Get your fingers on every light."

And so I become a character of the book.
In several times I get a card -- the iPad. I know where I live thanks to GPS -- which is coming right to me.
My inner girl is excited about all of these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magicians and drugs but to that childhood magic to those ideas that we opened up as children.
For some reason, fireflies in a jar always were exciting to me.
So over here, we have to tilt the iPad.
And they really illuminate your path in what the book remains from the book.
Another idea that fascinated me was a little girl was a little girl who was a bathroom.
So here, every book and every world is transformed into a pen that I drag towards this magic device inside of the device.
And this opens up a map.
In every fantasy fantasy there has always been maps but aesthetic maps.
This is a map that grows up, flowers and guide you during the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book, it is also reverse.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another hugely important aspect for me is to create Indian content and at the same time.
These are the ones here.
We've all heard of the fairies and the nitrogen, but how many people outside India know their Indian controls, the was they work?
These poor advances have been trapped in the cameras of Iraq for millennia, in an old and email book.
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary children's story.
In a story that deals with current issues like the environmental crisis.
And talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems of the last 10 years has been that kids have been locked up, attach to their computers, haven't gone out to the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can bring our children into the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you get out of the outside, taking the camera or iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
As a child I had a lot of collections: stores, stone, guards and sheets.
For some reason kids don't do it.
So to recover this ritual ritual has to go out and, in a chapter, it will take a picture of a flower and then tag it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then label it.
And so you create a digital picture collection that you can then put on the Web.
A child in London puts a picture of a steel and says, "Oh, I saw a steel."
A child in India says, "I saw a monkey."
And it creates this kind of social network around a collection of digital pictures that have been taking place.
Within the variants of connection between magic, Earth and technology are a lot of possibilities.
In the next book, we have an interaction where you go out with the iPad, and you go out with the iPad and video up and through augmented reality group that appears on the interior plants of the house.
At one point, the screen is full of leaves by leaves at a moment.
And you have to do the sound of the wind and you get them to be able to read the rest of the book.
We go into a world where nature forces are interacting with technology and magic and technology closer to each other.
We take the power of sun.
We're approaching our children and ourselves in the natural world and that magic, and that magic, and child love that we sit through a simple story.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about why a lot of the scale projects fail.
And I think, really, the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things we did at Randon University was to go to a heart director of listening.
And not in a very scientific way, she got a little cup of coffee or I asked patients and family and family and known -- what happens?
"How can we help?
And we tend to think, that this is one of the biggest problems for what everyone, or maybe not everyone, but most of the projects of the scholarship fail, because we stop listening.
This is my Wikipedia school. It's something very simple.
It has a street and off.
Every morning I got up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I got the challenge of getting to 95 Kimmers.
But it's so simple, every time I connect to Google Health.
And my head doctor has access to him as well. So he can see what my weight problem is, not at the same time when it needs carbon assistance or some urgency of that style but to look back.
But there's another thing.
As some of you know, I have more than 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So every morning I connect to my William school, and before I go up to my car, people start to talk to me: Lucks, I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of the pairs used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people from their chairs and together develop some recreational activity for their health.
From the next week, it will be available.
This little shrimp connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people can, from their home, from their home, to take their blood pressure, send them to their doctor, and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients assume a position, they go back back to the control and they get captives of their own boat, but it can also help us to health care because of the challenges that we face, as the cost of the costs of medicine care, the doubling of demand and demand demand and other issues.
To do techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And you can do it with techniques like this, but also through creativity.
And one of the things we did want to share with you.
We all have navigation controls in cars.
Maybe we even have them in our phones.
We perfectly know where the automated boxes are in Mascalket.
Also where all the gas are.
And of course, we can find fast food chain.
But where is the nearest DNA to help this patient?
We asked, but nobody did.
No one knew where to get the DNA saves right now.
What we did was we did criticism in the Netherlands.
We created a Web website, and we asked the public, you see a DNA, please send it where, and when it's open, because sometimes they open up in office hours and when it's open, because sometimes they open up in office hours.
And over 10,000 DNA was already presented in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the application for that.
And we made an application for the iPad.
We created an application for Larry, reality, to find these DNA.
And every time you're in the city of Maschim and someone collapse, they can use their iPhone, and the next weeks to use their Microsoft phone to find the nearest DET to find the nearest Deading lives.
And from today, I want to introduce this to not only as DNA 12, which is the name of the product but also UNACTOTCHClands.
And we wish to start global level.
We're looking at all of the colleagues in the world, in other universities, in other universities, to help us find work and work as a center for the R&amp;D creature around the world.
Every time you're on vacation and someone collected, you can be a relative or someone in front of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to invite companies around the world who could help us value these DETs.
They could be messaging messages or telephony people, for example, to see if the DNA is still in its place.
Please help yourself in this and not only improve health, but take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photograph.
Or is photography photographer?
Because, of course, they're pictures that can't take their cameras.
My interest for photography was awakened with my first digital camera at 15 years.
He mixed with my passion before the drawing -- but it was a little bit different, because by using the camera the process was in the planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera, the process ends when you press the push.
For me, photography had more to do with being in the right place at the right time.
I thought anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that would start by pressing the push.
Two photos like this: a construction in a very transferred road.
But it has an unexpected turn.
And despite it, it keeps a level of reality.
Or pictures like these -- dark and colorful at a time, but with the common goal of keeping the level of reality.
And when I say reality I say photographers.
Because, of course, it's not something that can capture but I always want it to seem to have been captured in some way as a photograph.
Two photos that you have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It has more to do to capture an idea that is going to capture a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them real?
Are the details or the colors are the colors?
Did it intervene light?
What creates the illusional thing?
Sometimes the illusion is the perspective.
But in the end, it's about our way to interpret the world, and how you can perceive on a two-dimensional surface.
It's actually not about whether it's realistic but what we think it's realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of the reality that we take different pieces of reality and put them together to create an alternative reality.
Let me show you a simple example.
Here are three perfectly imaginary objects, something we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in some way can create something that still seems three-dimensional -- as if it existed.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So we deceive the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that it doesn't really make sense.
And I see the same process by combining photographs.
It really consists of combining different realities.
And the things that make a picture of it really seems to be the ones that we don't even think of -- the things that are around us in our everyday lives.
But when you combine pictures is very important to it, it's very important because otherwise something else will look bad.
So I'd like to say there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that combination of photos must have the same perspective.
Second, combine pictures must have the same kind of light.
And these two images of these recents -- they were taken to the same height and the same kind of light.
The third point is to make it impossible to distinguish the principle and end of different images with a perfect joint.
It has to be impossible to see where the image.
This is another example.
I might think this is the image of a landscape, and the bottom part is manipulated.
But this image is totally composed for photographs of different places.
The personal thing I think is that it's easier to create a place that will find it because you don't need to put in danger the ideas that you have in your head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought about this idea in winter I knew that I had several months to plan to make the different locations for the pieces of the puzzle.
For example, the fish was captured in a fishing journey.
The costs are a different location.
The undersea was captured in a stone piece.
And yes, I even made the house the top of the island to look more Sweden.
So in order to make a realistic outcome, I think it makes planning as well.
It always starts with a sketch, an idea.
Then we have to combine different pictures.
And here every piece is very well thinking.
If you do a good job to take pictures of the photos, the result can be very beautiful, and at the very realistic time.
All the tools are there, and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'll start showing a slide on technology, very boring.
So please can put it up.
It's a diagram anybody I took from a folder.
I don't care so much to show you the details, but the overall thing.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of RISD microbes versus the power of local areas.
What's interesting about this is that this, like a lot of other we tend to see, is kind of a straight line in a logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents an order of magnitude on the scale of the performance scale.
Speaking of technology with sexual curves is a novel thing.
So here's something weird here.
And that's exactly what I'm going to talk about.
Please turn out the lights.
It would need more intensity because writing about paper.
Why do we plot technological curves on logarithmic scales?
The answer is that if I would draw them in a normal curve in which we say, these are the years, or some unit of time, and this would be any measure of the technology that I wanted to graduate, the diagram would be something ridiculous.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say much.
But if it graphics, for example, some other technology, like transport, in a sexual curve would be very dumb, we would see a straight line.
But if something like this, it gives you a qualitative change.
If transportation technology is going to go as fast as the microscope of microscopes, last morning, we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo.
But it doesn't move to that rhythm.
There are no precedent in the history of technological development that every few years is moving orders of magnitude.
The question I want to do is to look at these exponential curves -- looking at these exponential curves.
It's not possible to sustain this change as fast as it goes.
So one of two things.
Or it will become a typical curve S like this until it comes up to something completely different, or maybe doing something like this.
That's all it happens.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe maybe something like this.
It will now be in the middle of a transition.
In this line we're in a transition of what used to be the world, in a new form.
So what I'm trying to ask, and I try to ask is, what is that new way that the world?
How new state does the world?
The transition seems very, very confusing if we're immersed in it.
I remember a child the future happened in the year 2000 and people used to talk about what happened in 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future, and we see that the future remains the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has become scaled, year after year, throughout my life.
But I think it's because we feel that something is happening.
We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't make a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because it's all going to be so different that it doesn't make any sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how it might be that transition that we experience.
But to do that will have to talk a little bit about things that don't have much to do with technology and computer.
Because I think the only way of understanding understanding is taking distance and looking at long-term things.
The time scale that I'd like to do it is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we set up about 2.5 billion years ago when the Earth was a great sterile rock with many chemicals that float around it.
If we look at the way that chemicals were organized to give us an idea of how things happened.
And I think there are theories to start understanding the origin with RNA -- I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and it is that, at that time, had floating some oil droplet with all kinds of chemical recipes inside.
Some of those oil drops have a particular combination of chemicals that made them increase materials from the outside of the outside, and so the droplets grew up to them.
And they started dividing.
In some sense, those were the most primitive mobile forms of the most primitive cells.
But those droplets were not alive, in the current sense, because each of them contained a random recipe of chemicals.
And every time they divide up an unequal distribution of the chemicals that they have.
So every goal was a little different.
In fact, the droplets that are somehow difference being better in the time to incorporate chemicals -- they grow more, they incorporate more chemicals and they divide more.
They were often living longer. They were more represented.
It was a form of life, chemical life, very simple, but things were taken interesting when these drops learned the trick of abstraction.
In some ways that we don't understand very well, these goals learned to store information.
They learned to keep information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemistry called DNA.
In other words, they worked in this meaningless evolution, a writing system that allowed them to record what they were in order to replicate what they were.
The amazing thing is that writing system seems to have remained stable since they evolved 2.5 billion years ago.
Our recipe recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every living is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code.
So here I have 100 micro-controlled dust that I try to hide to people of the airport.
But -- I took this code -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data on this DNA fragments, and I amplified it 10 to 22 times.
So if somebody wants 100 million copies of my personal card I have a lot of for everybody -- in fact, for every single person in the world and is here.
If it was an error would have put it in a virus and would have spread it through the room.
What was the next step?
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells happy another billion years.
But then another big step happened in the other interesting step in which things were taken very different and was that cells started to exchange and communicate information forming like cells.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
So for example, they evolved resistance to antibiotics.
Some bacteria found a way to avoid the penicillin, and they were trained to create their little DNA to create their little bacteria with other bacteria and now there are lots of resistance because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave place that they were going to be communities that, in some ways, were together in it, and they set up a synergies of the synthetic.
So they survived or fail together, or if a community was very successful all the individuals in that community were more represented and they were favor by evolution.
And the tipping point happened when these communities came so much that, in fact, they came together and decided to write the whole recipe of the community together in a DNA chain.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years.
And at that stage, we have multicellular communities, communities of many different cells working together as a single organism.
In fact, we are a multi-policies community.
We have many cells that no longer used alone.
The skin cell doesn't serve without the heart, or the muscles or the brain, and so on.
So these communities evolved and produced more interesting levels than the cellphone, something we called an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
These started to absorb information.
And to build very special structures that didn't do more than process information in community.
It's the neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that process the information that those cell communities built.
In fact, they started to specialize within the community being the answers responsible to record, understand and convey information.
Those were brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at the time as individuals, the learning was confined to the duration of an organism, and not the period of evolutionary time.
So an organism could, for example, to learn not to eat a certain fruit because I knew bad and sick the last time that ate it.
That could happen during the life of an organism because they had built these information structures that had been built by the information processing structures would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals who ate that fruit.
So the fact that the nervous system builds those information structures enormously the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen confined to an individual.
It could happen in time necessary to learn.
But then, of course, individuals discovered the trick.
So for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's incredible invention.
I have a very complicated idea of a vague idea, in the head.
I'm sitting here by emitting a few groups, and hopefully building a similar idea, value and confusing, in his heads that I keep certain analogy with mine.
But we take something very complicated -- we turn it into sound, in sequence of sound, and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That now allows us to start to work as an organism.
In fact, as humanity, we have started doing abstraction.
We now spend similar periods to multicellular organisms, we abstract our methods of record and presentation and information processing.
For example, language invention was a small step in that direction.
Televia, the IT computer, the computer, the CBV tape, and so -- it's the specialized mechanisms that we now built to manage that information.
And it contributes us in something much larger and faster, and able to evolve more than we do before.
Now evolution can happen in microseconds now.
You saw the evolutionary example of the T in which I produced some evolution with the Convenience program in our eyes.
And now we have accelerated the time again.
The first stages of the story that I told you had taken a billion years old.
The next stages, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
The next one, language and so on, took less than a million years.
And the next one, like electronics, seems to take just a few decades.
The process is feedback -- I guess automatic is the right word to name something that speeds its own pace of change.
The more changes, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we look at in this curve.
We see the process is feedback.
But I make my life designing computers, and I know that the mechanisms I employ to design would not be possible without the recent computer breakthroughs.
But now I design objects of such complexity that it would be impossible for me to do a conventional way.
I don't know that making every transistor on that connections machine.
There are billions of millions of them.
And instead of that, with the designers of hydrogen Machines, we think of a level of abstraction, we think of an abstraction, we put it on the machine, and the machine with that does something that you can't be able to get far further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes I employ methods that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method that I've been using lately, is the evolution itself.
We put inside the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of microbes.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from a random sequence sequence sequence.
We say, "Please computer, you can run a hundred billion sequence sequence security sequences?
Could you take these sequence of the instructions at random, execute all of those programs, and take those of those of you that we want to do?"
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So we find the programs that are more close to organizing numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely to be a random services of instructions, order numbers, so none of them do.
But one, luckily, I could put two numbers in the right order.
And I said, "Player, could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that best did the task better?
We keep those and we eliminate the rest.
And now we reproduce the ones that were best ordered the numbers.
And we go back back to them following a recovery process for sex.
Let's take two programs, which are engineering kids, who exchange substitutions, and kids inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of programs from the combination of programs that had a little more successful of the combination of programs that had a little more successful.
And we say, "Please, you repeat the process.
Walk again.
It introduces some mutations to it.
And I try and try and replicate with another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few milliseconds.
So I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes, or complicated cases, in a few hours.
In the end, we ended up with programs that order to make numbers absolutely perfect.
In fact, they're much more efficient programs than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs, I can't say how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
They're dark programs are darkness.
But they get the comet.
In fact, I know, I have the security to get the goal because they come from a hundreds of thousands of programs that they did it.
In fact, their lives depend on it.
I once went in a 747 with Marilyn Minister and he pulled a card and he said, "Look at this.
He says, "This plane has hundreds of thousands of particles working together to offer a safe flight. Don't make you feel stranger?
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they become complicated.
So we started to depend on computers to make design processes.
And that allows us to produce much more complex things than produces normal engineering.
However, we don't understand the whole choices that there are.
In that sense, it goes in front of us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster and so much faster and we can execute these programs much faster.
I mean, it's feedback.
The thing goes faster, and so I think it seems so confused.
Because all of these technologies are feedback.
We are standing.
And we're at an analog moment that we are at an analog moment when they become multiple.
We're the fears and we can't understand what the hell we are creating.
We're at the point of influence.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant of our thinking that we are the final product of evolution.
And I think all of us are part of the creation of whatever it is.
But now the lunch, and I think I'm going to stop here before they elevate.
I think we need to do something with a part of the medical culture that has changed.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've been looking at enough time to allow me to be part of my fake pressure in that.
Before treating the theme of my talk, let's talk a little bit about baseball.
Why not?
We are near the end, and we are approaching the World series.
We love baseball, right?
The baseball is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's for going to "do "The rules "Republishing) I talk about statistics and use them to form a big baseball team.
I will focus on one of them and I hope that many of you know it.
It's called the battery average.
And we talked about 300 of a battery that broke 300 batteries.
That means the beekeeper etched, three of 10 times.
That means launching the ball into the game without being caught up, and anyone who's trying to launch it to the first base, not in time, and the second base will be saved.
Three attempts in 10.
You know how they call a 300 in the Great Lega?
Well, really good, maybe the team of the stars.
You know how they call a baseball battle?
By the way, that is somebody who had 10 strokes, about four.
Legant -- like the legendary Ted Williams, the last player of Liberia Massachusetts to get more 400 hits in a regular season.
Now let's bring this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable or maybe less uncomfortable, after what I'm going to tell you today.
Suppose you have advances and are brought up to a surgeon that has also a record of 400 in applications.
It doesn't work, right?
Now suppose they live in a remote place and a loved to have two corruption arteries and their family medical artists and their family physicians leading it to a cardiologist whose record in angulation is 200 200.
But do you know something?
She is getting remarkable this year.
And their actions have been 250.
This is not working.
But I'm going to ask you.
What do you think that should be the average average of a heart surgeon, or or a negative officer?
One, very good.
And the truth of the issue is that no one in all medicine knows the answers of a good surgeon, from a doctor or a medical.
What we do, though, is send to the world, and it includes me, with the send of being perfect.
They never have to make a mistake and try to figure out how to do it right.
That was the message I used when I was in medical school.
I was a computer obsessive student.
Once, a company in high school said that Brian Golden studied for a blood test.
Like that.
I studied in my little device, at the Horizon General Hospital nurse, not far from here.
And I learned everything about memory.
From my kind of analysis, memory class and the muscle work, the branching of every art that comes out of the air, the diagnostic differences and the non-lethal distance.
And I even knew the diagnosis of difference about how to classify kidney activist assets.
And as so much accumulating more and more knowledge.
And I was very good, I graduated with honor.
And I set out from the medical school with the impression that if it was memorized everything, or most possible, close to everything, because so I would immune from mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met Mr. Delhi.
I was a resident in a university hospital here, in Toronto, when they brought the lady to the emergency service to the emergency service where I work.
At the time, I was assigned to the cardiology service.
And when you emerge to a cardiologist to be able to get a cardiologist to me to that patient.
It's going to report to the boss of resistance.
When I saw Mrs. Delhi was jumping.
I heard a restaurant sound.
And when I got it, I listened to a freedom in both sides, in both sides, which was sent to me a career failure.
In these conditions the heart stops and instead of bombing the blood forward, blood goes into the lungs, these blood goes into the lungs, and that's why there is difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to diagnosis.
I did that, and I went to work on the treatment I would give him to work.
I gave him aspiration and medication to alleviate the pressure in his heart.
I gave it direction, pills of water, so I could eliminate liquid liquid.
And in an hour or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very good.
And that's when I made the first mistake. He sent her home.
Actually, I made two more errors.
He sent her home without talking to the head of resistance.
I didn't raise the phone and I didn't do what I should have done, which was calling my boss and put it into him for it.
And if my boss would have seen it, I would have been able to bring a complementary information to it.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
Maybe I didn't want to be a resident that takes constant attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility that I could take care of my patients without even contact my boss with my person.
The second mistake that I made was worse.
When I sent her home, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my inner saying, "Goodbye, it's not a good idea. Don't do it."
In fact, I was so insecure that I was asking the nurse to take care of Mr. Dragon: "Do you think it's okay if you go home home?"
And the nurse thought, and then he said with total nature, "Yes, I think I'm right."
I remember that as if I was yesterday.
So he signed the high, and the ambulance with the performances took her home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, I had a bad presentation in the stomach.
But I kept my job.
At the end of the day, I packaged to leave the hospital and walked towards the parking and walked into the parking parking where my car to go home.
I went home for the road of the road at home.
And another nurse, I don't care about Mrs. Dravid before, but another one, he told me three words, those three words that most of the emergency physicians in the emergency temperature.
Other specialists are afraid too, but there's a particular particular in emergency, and we see patients.
The three words are: Do you remember you?
"Do you remember the patient who sent your house?
I asked the other number of natural nature.
"Well, she went back with the same voice tone, with the same voice.
She was fine.
But I went back and the death edge of death.
When I was an hour came to his house, after I gave him the high, he suffered a copy and his family called 9/11, and his family called 9/11, the paradigms brought it to emelainess, with a blood pressure from 50,000 miles, which means a severe shock.
I barely breathe and was blue.
The emergency staff gave all their resources.
They gave him medication to raise the blood pressure.
And they put an artificial response.
I was concluded and caught up to the cord.
I had a sense of feelings because after it would stabilize it was in intensive therapy and hoped against all hope that it would be recovered.
And in both of the days or three years ago, it was obviously never working.
He had an irreversible brain damage.
The family came together.
And in eight or nine days, they were resistant to what was happening.
And the ninth day, they let him go. Mrs. Debridge, mother and grandmother.
They say you never forget the names that they die.
That was my first experience.
The next week, I was punished by it and experienced for the first time the evil shame that exists in our medical culture, and I felt alone, isolated, without feeling that healthy shame because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the peace and you never make that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves a teaching.
The wrong shame that I talk about is making us feel very bad inside.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was wrong, but we are bad.
And it felt like that.
And it wasn't for my boss, he was a love.
I talked to the family, and I'm sure I would smooth things and make sure they won't stop me.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why didn't I ask my boss, why did he send her to his house?
And in my worst moments. Why did I make a mistake so dumb stuff?
Why did medicine?
Little by little that feeling was deforestation.
And I started feeling better.
And on one day, the sky opened up the sky and finally came out the sun, and I wondered if I felt better again.
And I did a deal with myself where if I was reducing efforts to be perfect to not make more errors, it would make those voices happen.
And it did.
I went back to work.
But it came back again.
Two years later, it was an aid in the emergency department in a community hospital in the north of Toronto, and I received a man who was 25 years with a pain in the throat of the throat in the throat.
I was really busy and pulled.
And he pointed out here.
He looked at his throat, she was a little colored.
He wrote penicillin and sent him home.
But while he was headed to the door, he kept tracking his throat.
Two days later, when I came to do my guard, my boss was asked to talk to me about a single office to talk to me.
And did the three words: Do you remember you?
Remember the patient who saw for a pain in the throat of the card?
He came back and he didn't have a sectional paramist.
I had a potentially fatal effect called epidemics.
You can look for Google. It's an infection, not from the top, but of the upper airline -- and that can cause the closing of those tracks.
He fortunately, fortunately, didn't fail.
It's been anti-growing antibiotics and the few days.
And I went through the same period of shame and representations, then I was relieved and went back to work, until it happened again and again and again.
Two times in the same organization, no opposition display.
And it's a great effort, especially working in a hospital, because you care about 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home, and I don't think it's been a discovery.
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation.
They order an X-ray risk, but it turned out a colleague that was checking the patient perceived certain sensitivity in the lower right-hand square, and called the surgeon.
The other patient was a lot of diarrhea.
I ordered liquid to record and asked my colleague to check it.
He checked it, and when they noticed certain sensitivity in the lower right-hand square, called the surgeon surgeon.
They both were operated and they recovered well.
But every case, I was dealed with me.
But I'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise, and as many colleagues say, it's a beach.
The most significant thing has been over the last five years.
Only shaming and supported.
And here's the problem: if I can't release it and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the voice that tells me what really happens, how can you share this with my colleagues with my colleagues, how can I share this with my colleagues?
How do I show that they don't make the same errors?
If I go into a place like this, I would not have an idea of what you think about me.
When was the last time you heard someone talking about failure, after failure, after failure.
Of course, in a party you'll hear about the errors of other doctors, but they won't listen to someone talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues too, that a trauma in my hospital took the wrong leg the wrong leg -- believe me that it would have difficulty to look at it.
This is the system we have.
The total negative denial.
It's the system where there are two positions of positions: those who make mistakes and the ones that don't sleep, and the ones who have no sleep, and the ones who have a few results and the ones who have great outcomes.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, as antibodies that begin to attack that person.
We have the idea that if we move from medicine to people who make mistakes.
But that brings two problems.
In about 20 years about diffusion and medical journalism, I have done a personal study of bad medical loans and medical message in order to learn how possible, from the first article I wrote for the Stanford Toronto, to my program, "White Art, Black Art -- blood Black Delling Black Arabia.
And what I learned is that mistakes are unexpected.
We work in a system where mistakes happen every day, where one out of 10 prescription drugs in the hospital are wrong, or disposal is not right -- in a system where institutional infections are increasingly more and more numerous and more numbers, growing chaos and death.
In this country, 24,000 thousand cancer is killed by everyday medical mistakes.
The U.S. Medical American Institute established 100,000 billion.
In both cases, it's about strange superpowers because we're not teaching the problem as we should.
And that's how things are.
A hospital system where knowledge is multiplied every two or three years, and we don't update ourselves.
dream.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow you to do a perfect history of a patient with pain in the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a pain in the chest, it is continuous with closed eyes, and with alcohol to alcohol and, suddenly my story of defense.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot, I don't do things like that.
And my patients are not cars. They don't read their symptoms always in the same way.
So the mistakes are inevitable.
So if we took the system as taught us as taught us, and we eliminated all the professional professionals to error, well, not left.
And with respect people don't want to talk about their more serious cases, right?
In my program, "Danger white, black art is already a habit to say, "This is my worst mistake.
And their students will stop, they would go down, they would go down the head and they would be saliation and they start telling their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
They want to be able to say, "Look, they don't make the same mistake.
They need a context where they can do it.
They need a redefinite medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
Redefinitive doctor is human, it is human, acceptances -- and it's not proud of their mistakes but it is effort to learn from what happens to others.
It shares your experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It signals the mistakes of other people not with the intention of catching them, but in a loving way, and of support so that they all benefit from all of them.
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings run the system, and when this happens, they make mistakes every other time in time.
My name is Brian Golding.
I'm a redefinite doctor.
I'm a human, I'm a man.
And I feel so much but I'm effort to learn something that can transmit others.
I don't know what you think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words: I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions we take one day one?
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
I recently did a survey to over 2,000 people and the average amount of choices that he said to choose an average American media, it's about 70 a day.
Not a long ago ago, in a research week for a group to a group of press presidents.
The researchers record the different tasks of these executives and the time they employed in making related decisions with those tasks.
They found that, on average, they were going to be 160 jobs a week.
Naturally, every job included a lot of ministers incredibly.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time.
Now think of their choices.
Do you know how many people belong to the category of nine minutes, and how many of you in an hour.
How does the way make those decisions?
What I want to talk about today is one of the biggest problems of the current and choice to choose to options of options.
I want to talk about problem and some possible solutions.
While I talk about this I'm going to ask you a few questions and I need to know your answers.
When I ask a question, as I am blind, you raise your hand only if you want to burn calories.
Otherwise, when I ask a question, if your answer is positive please have a palm palm.
And now my first question of the day -- you're ready to hear about the problem of choice of opposing options?
Thank you.
Being graduate student from Stanford University, I was faced with this very, very high level, at least at that time very sophisticated.
It was called Dravidis.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There was like 250 different kinds of mustard. It was more than 500 different types of mortality and vegetables and over 500 embarrassed water. And this was when we took water.
I loved to go to that store, but in one occasion, I asked me, why never buy anything buy all?
This is the top of the olive oil.
They had more than 75 different classes, including those who were in a sealed box that came from military trees.
I once decided to visit the manager and asked him, "Do this strategy of offering all of these options?
He pointed out the buses full of tourists who came every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to do a little experiment with them. This is the press.
Pass step.
They had 484 different classes.
We installed a post to it, right at the grocery shop.
We put out there in six flavors -- or 24 different flavors and we looked at two things: First of all, where are people willing to stop testing the member of the promise?
More people stopped when there was 24, 60 percent, that when there were only six, 40 percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a prime season to buy a printed sea.
Here we find the opposite effect.
Those of you who stopped when there was 24, only three percent came to buy merger.
Those who stood when there were six, we saw that 30 percent bought member.
If we do the math, the people were six times more likely to buy member than if they found six, if they found 16.
Well, deciding that we don't buy member probably is a good thing to preserve the line -- but it turns out that the problem is the problem of the options of choice us in transformative decisions.
We decided not to decide, even though this doesn't convince us.
Now the topic of the day, the financial savings.
I'm going to describe a study that I did with guide Word Hubble, Emine Kamenize and Weirbuke Jane January, where we see the decisions about savings for the retirement of about a million Americans in this country.
We were interested to see whether the number of funds of funds available in savings plans for retirement plans for retirement plans, programming people to save for the future.
And we found that that really was a correlation there.
We had 650 plans that were coming from two to 59 different options.
We found that the bigger the number of funding the number of funds, there was less participation.
So if we look at the end, we see that in the plans that offer two funds, the participation rate was 70 percent of the participation rate was 70 percent or more, not as high as you want.
And in the plans that offered about 60 fund, the participation rate went down to the 60 percent.
It turns out that even if you choose to participate, when there are more choices, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those who decided to participate, the bigger the number of choices, the more people were included to avoid the actions or the investment funds.
As soon as there was more choices, they were more willing to invest in math financial account.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we would recommend to optimize the future financial well-being.
In the previous decade we've seen three main negative consequences when we provide more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is that they make the decision, which is even though they are against the self-interest.
It's more likely to take the worst decisions, in the finance and in the health.
They're more likely to choose things less statistically, even though they obviously get better.
The main reason is that we get to look at that giant variety of magnitude, most, volume and previous variety -- but we are not able to do the calculations to compare to you to compare and contract and choose from that amazing exhibition.
Today, I want to give you four simple techniques that we've tried, in a way or another, in different research, so you can teach in their business.
The first is Court.
You have heard it before, but it's never been more true.
People always bother when I say, "Come "off."
They worry about losing space in the air.
But actually what we're seeing more and more and more is that if you decide to cut, get rid of reducing weird options, there will be an increase in sales.
When Project & Gamble went from 26 different types of Hawaii & Disney & So 15 percent of Heroes & Shells in sales.
When the corporation Golden Catter was removing the products for cats of cats that are less sold to come up with 80 percent -- increased the uses in 87, more sales and fewer costs.
You know that the supermarket of today, on average, offer 45,000 products.
In a shop of Walmart they offer about 100,000 products.
But the ninth largest stores in the world today is Alzheimer's and offers only 1,400 products -- a kind of tomato tomato sauce in late.
In the world savings in the financial savings -- I think one of the best examples that has emerged about how to drive the choices is David Langley, the Harvard program.
All of Harvard employees are automatically incompeted to a insurance fund funds.
Those who really want to choose, they are offered 20 funds, not 300 or more.
You know, often people say, "I don't know how to cut off.
They're all important choices.
The first thing I do is I ask employees -- "Give me the differences between those options.
And if their employees can't different, they won't be able to do their clients."
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was chatting with Garden.
He told me that he would be willing to offer people in this audience of this audience, a vacation with all of the most beautiful career in the world.
Here, a description here.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read and then I want you to give up an applause if you're ready to take the Garden office.
(Audience: Okay. Anyone who's ready to accept it.
Are they not else?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who's ready for that journey?
I think he actually got more hands.
All right.
You know, you actually had more information in the first round, than in the second round, but I can be advanced and say you thought the second time was more real.
Because images made it more real.
This leads me to the second technique to handle the problem of the choice of choice, which is Concord.
For people to understand the differences between choices, they have to understand the consequences of every choice, and the consequences have to feel very fast, very concrete.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more on average, when you use debit cards or credit, that when you use cash effective?
Because it doesn't seem real money.
It turns out that making it more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Switzerland Benjamin and Alexander President, on the staff of EEG -- working on ENG, these people were in a meeting where they were being being being being been stabilized to a 404 plan.
And that meeting, that we had exactly the way that we were used to exactly as used to it, we did a little addiction.
What we added was we applied to the staff that you thought about the positive things that would happen in their lives if they saved more money.
With this minute there was an increase in the 2008 and an increase in the amount that they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings in savings from four percent.
The third technique is Clarity.
We can handle more categories.
For example, this is a study that we did in a magazine hall.
We saw that in the Superman Supermarkets, along the current road, the magazine exhibition can contain from 330 different types of way to the 16th up to 16.
But you know?
Because capitalism tells me how to do them.
These are two jokes of joys.
One is called Japanese and the other, "Shake."
If you think the one on the left is Switzerland, and the right on the right is James, you have a palm.
(Audience -- well, there are some few.
If you think the left on the left is Japan, and the on the right is Switzerland, you have a palm.
Well, something else.
Turns out it's right.
The one on the left is Japan, and the on the right is Switzerland.
This rating scheme is totally useless.
Catalysts need to indicate something to the people who choose not to define them.
You often see this problem with those big funds.
allegedly who are they infected?
My fourth category Construction Construction.
It turns out that we can handle a lot more information than we think, if we just simplify a little bit more information than we think we think about.
We have to increase complexity.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's look at a completely complicated decision, buy a car.
This is a German car manufacturer that enables it to be completely polluted.
You have to take 60 decisions to bring the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of options.
colors, outside of the car. I have 56 possibilities.
Mother, chain change, four options.
What I'm going to do is to vary the order that decisions.
So half of the customers are going to go from many choices, 56 colors, to a few years, four boxes.
The other half of the customers are going to go from few choices, four boxes, four colors, to 56 colors, many options.
And what am I going to look at?
How involved you are.
If it's always associated with the decision button in every decision, this indicates that they're overwhelmed -- or we are losing them.
We find that those that are going from many choices to a few choices, and they get the button of the button over and over again.
We lose them.
If you go of a few choices to many, they continue there.
The same information, the same number of options.
The only thing I did was to alter the order to information.
If we start with the easy, you learn to choose.
Even though the box of change is not telling anything about the preferences of the inner decoration.
We get excited a product that we're building that now has more confirmed with the process.
To sum up.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of the charge of choices: Cortex, eliminating strange alternatives -- concrete, make it real. Claring, we can handle more categories, we can handle more categories with less choices -- to condition complexity.
All these techniques that I've presented were designed to help manage the alternatives or better, for you, to use them in their issues, or for people who serve them.
It's that I think the key to get the best of a choice is being careful when you choose to choose.
And the more careful careful we are in our choices we can practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the 1980s, at the age of communist East Germany, if you had a typewriter to write to the government.
He had to register a sheet of text with the machine.
And this is so that the government could trace the origin of text.
If you found a writer with the wrong message you could trace the footprint to the idea of the idea.
In the West we didn't conceive that somebody could do this, so much that this would limit the freedom of expression.
We will never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser color printer of any big manufacturer and print a page, that page will end up having some yellow dots on every page that follow a pattern that makes them a pattern of one and his printer.
That's happening today.
And nobody seems to be going a lot for this.
This is an example of the ways our governments use technology against us, the citizens.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems on the network.
If we see what happens in the online world, we can ruin the attacks according to their attacks.
There are three main groups.
They're crying.
Like Mr. Dimitri Bollywood from the city of King in Ukraine.
The cyber phone is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use the cybercriminals to make a lot of money, incredible amounts of money.
There are really many cases of millions online online, multi-policies, who won money with their attacks.
This is Valai Tsunia, of course, Ethiopia.
This is Alfred Dong.
This is Stephen Watter.
This is Brew Sun.
These are Matthew Anderson Tasmania, Andy Alberto and so on.
These guys are doing their online online, but they do it by illegal media by using bank money to steal the money of our accounts when we buy our cards or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy in a infected computer.
The U.S. secret of America, two months ago, frozen the Swiss account of this lady, Sam Janeshari, and this story had 14 million dollars when it was frozen from frozen.
Mr. Jane where the sun is soldier, he knows her steel.
And I say today is more likely than any of us to be victim than a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this goes from bad in worse.
In the future, most crimes will happen online.
The second group of attacks in matters today is not motivated by money.
There's another thing that moves, they motivate them, they motivate them, they motivate them, they motivate them laughter.
Groups like Anonymous have failed in the last 12 months by putting a paper in the last 12 attacks.
Those are the three main attacks, the criminals who do it for money, the hatching of the management -- the habitats like to do it to protect and the last group are national states, the governments that are attenting.
And then we see cases like Diggita.
That's a good example of government attack against its own citizens.
Digital is an authority of the Netherlands, or actually, it was.
He declared the war the last fall, because to a sandwich.
They surrounded security from the site and they perpetrated a concept.
I asked the last week I asked, in a meeting with the Dutch government, I asked one of the leaders if they found the death of people because of the attack to Diggible.
And the answer of it was yes.
So how do people die from an attack of these?
Digital authority.
They sell certificate.
What are the certified certainty?
Well, you need to need if you have a website, with Higgs, Stanford encrypted services like Guanany.
Except they intercept a foreign certified authority.
And they have competitive certificate.
And in case of Diggita happened exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring, and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt in Egypt?
Well, in Egypt the protesters took the headquarters from the Egyptian secret police in April 2011, and during the path of the building, they found lots of papers.
And among those papers, there was this cartoon called "Charlie."
And within that folder, there were notes of a company in Germany who sold the Egyptian government that had sold the Egyptian government tools to intercept the communications of the citizens in the country.
They had sold this tool by 280,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The company from the company is right here.
I mean, Western governments provide them tools to the political governments to do this to their citizens.
But Western governments are also doing this.
For example, in Germany, just a couple weeks ago was found a couple of weeks ago, the Schizoear tree was used by the German government officials to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspicious in a good criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is intervened.
But today it goes further.
The connection to the Internet.
They will use even tools like the Schillify tree to infect our computer with a tree to allow them to see the communication, and to listen to the discussions online, to get our data.
When we really think about things like these the obvious answer should be "Well, it seems bad, but I don't really affect because I'm a honest citizen.
Why worry about it?
I have nothing to hide.
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's in play private.
Privacy is not discussion.
It's not a question of privacy against security.
It's about the freedom against control.
While we can rely on our governments today in 2011, any right we get back today, to be forever.
We will blindly trust any future government, in an administration that we could have in 50 years?
These are the questions that need us to worry about the next 50 years.
This is where I live. I live in Kenya, in the southern part of Nairobi, National Park.
These are the cows of my dad in the background, and behind the cow, the National Park of Nairobi in Nairobi.
The National Park of Nairobi has no close to in the upper part of the South, which means wild animals like the micro-controlled mind outside of park.
And predators, like the lions, follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our cattle.
This is one of the ones that killed at night, and so soon as we got up in the morning, and we found it a dead morning, because it was the only thing we had.
My community community, the masses, we think we came from the sky with our animals and all the land to them, and that's why we value them.
So I grew up hating a lot of the lions.
The dying are wars that protect our community and the livestock, and they're also angry with the problem.
So they kill lions.
This is one of six lions that killed in Nairobi.
I think that's why there are so few in the National Park.
A child in my community, from six to nine years old, is responsible for the livestock of his father, and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought the lions would give them fear.
But I realized that really didn't serve, because even helped the lions to see the standard of far away.
I didn't get off. I continued.
A second idea was to use a spine.
I was trying to trick lions so they thought I was close to the standards.
But lions are very intelligent.  They came on the first day and they saw the spines, and they were like, but the second day, they went back and said, but the second day, they went back and said, this thing doesn't move, it's always here.
So one night I was walking around the stable with a torch and that day, the lions didn't come up with the lions.
I found out that lions are afraid of the light that's moving.
So I had an idea.
And I got an interface that I would think of and turn out the lights.
And this is a little lamp of a broken flashlight.
Art everything.
As you can see, the solar cell load the battery and the battery supply the electricity to the little Indian box, I call it a transformative.
And the Indian box makes lights apart.
As you can see, the light bulb goes outside, because that's where the lions.
And this is how lions see when they come at night.
The lights are delighted and they deceive the lions to think I'm walking through the station, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them on my house two years ago, and since then, we never went back to have trouble with lions.
And the neighborhood houses the idea.
One is this grandmother.
She had killed a lot of animals -- the lions and asked me if I could put the lights.
I said yes.
I put them. You can see the background, these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community, and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also used now throughout Kenya, to scare other predators, to scare other predators, legislators, and also it's being used to stand elephants.
Thanks to this invention, I was fortunate to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, Brown International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school is now helping to raise funds.
I even took my friends to my community and we installed lights in the houses that don't have, and I teach them how to put them in.
So one year ago, it was just a year ago, on the pasters of my father's cows by spending my father's cows and used to see airplanes fly, and told me that one day would be inside of one.
And here I am.
I got the opportunity to come in plane for the first time to come to TED.
My great dream is to get an engineer of aviation and pilot it when I grow.
I used to hate the lions, but now as my invention is saving the cows of my dad and the lions, we can be with lions without any conflict.
And it hears only. What my language means, thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting is to listen to a story like you.
So you got a scholarship. Richard Turking: Yes.
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What's the next one in your list?
RS: My next invention is -- I want to do an electric fence -- CA: A cell electric?
RS: I know that you already invented the electric fence, but I want to do mine.
CA: So you try and do it once, right?
We're going to encourage every step that you, my friend.
Thank you very much. RS: Thank you.
When I was little, I thought my country was the best on the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called "Not Enion."
And I felt very proud.
In school, we spent all the time studying the story of Kim Island, but we never learned a lot about the rest of Kim Islam, except America, South Korea, Japan are the enemy.
And I sometimes wondered about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend my whole life in North Korea, until everything changed suddenly changed.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family wasn't poor and myself had never been hungry.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter of the colleague of my sister.
He said, "When you read this, the five members of family will stop in this world, because we haven't eaten in the two past weeks.
We're recorded together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak, that we're ready to die."
I was very high.
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country.
At the time, when I walked in front of the train station, I saw something terrible that I can't erase from my memory.
A without life was dead in the street, holding a child in her arms looking at his mother's face without being able to do nothing.
Nobody helped them, because they were very concerned about taking care of them and their families.
A huge famine, anger North Korea in the middle of the '90s.
In the end, over a million Americans died during hunger, they just survived by eating grass, insects and tree cortex.
They also made more and more frequent the energy cuts of energy, all around me was completely down to dark at night except by the lights in China, barely crossing the river from my home.
I always asked me why they had light and we don't.
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared with neighboring countries.
This is the Amazon River, which serves the limit between North and China.
As you can see, the river can be very angry at certain points, allowing North to cross secretary.
But many die.
Sometimes I see bodies floating in the river.
I can't reveal the details of how I came out of North Korea, but I can only say that during the years of hunger, I was sent to China to live with distant relatives.
But I just thought I'd be separated from my family for short time.
I could never ever imagined it would take 14 years to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life would be like as a nurse as a normal refugee would be.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because North China refugees were considered illegal immigrants in China.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revered, and it would be replicated to an awful destination back in North Korea.
One day, my worst nightmare became reality, when I was arrested by the Chinese police, and they were introduced to the police station.
Somebody had been accused by being normal, then they tested my skills in Chinese language, and they asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to explode.
If it didn't look natural, it could be scaled and sports.
I thought my life was going to end up.
But I managed to control my emotions and answer the questions.
At the end of the interpretation, an officer told another, "This was a fake report. She's not normal." She's not normal."
And they let me go. It was a miracle.
Some Americans in China seek asylum.
But many people can be arrested by the Chinese Police and sports.
These women had a lot of luck.
Even though they had captured them, they were eventually released after an international pressure.
These Koreans didn't have so much luck.
Every year, countless numbers are captured in China and sports in North Korea, where they're tortured or the strength or executed or executed.
Even though I was fortunate to escape, many other Americans haven't had so lucky.
It's tragic that the Americans have to hide their identities and fight so hard to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, all of their world can be taken in an instant.
That's why after 10 years of hiding my identity, I decided to risk going to Korea from South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
To sit in South Korea was a much larger challenge than I was expected.
English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
And also, I understood that there was a big gap between North and South Africa.
We're all horrified, but the inside, we've become very different because of the 67 years of divide.
Even through an identity crisis.
Am I a surgeon or a north?
Where am I? Who am I?
Suddenly, there was not a country that could not be able to get proud of me.
Though to adapt to life in South Korea was not easy, I did a plan. I started studying for the extraction exam to college.
Just when I started to adapt to my new life, I received a so-called alarming call.
The authorities in North Korea interacted some money that sent my family, and, as I punishment my family was going to force the force to a location left out of the outside.
They had to flee away immediately.
I started planning how to help them escape.
The North Americans have to travel long distances on the way to freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So ironically, I took a flight to China, and I walked to the border with North Korea.
Since my family couldn't talk Chinese, I had to guide them in some way, and I had to guide them in some more than 3,000 miles across China, and then through the Southeast Asia.
The bus journey took a week, and we almost got caught several times.
Once one time, our bus was arrested and addressed by an official of the Chinese police.
He asked all the identification of all, and he started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese official came up to my family, I immediately stood up and I told him that they were supported people who were showing up.
He looked at me suspicious but fortunately believed me.
We did all the way to the L.A. border.
But I had to spend almost all my money to support the border guards in Latin.
But even after I went through the border, my family was arrested and closed to cross the illegally frontier.
After paying mountains and brothers, my family was released in a month.
But in time, my family was arrested and imprisoned again in the capital of Lakes.
This was one of the lowest points in my life.
I did everything to my family, and I was so close to my family, and I was so close to my family to a short distance of Korean embarrassment.
I went and came between the office office and police station, desperately trying to liberate my family.
But I didn't have enough money to pay more bribes or mountains.
I lost hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man ask me, "What's the problem?"
I was so surprised that a stranger would care about it.
With my poor English, and with a dictionary, I explained to him the situation, and without doubt the man went to the ATM and gave me the rest of money for my family and for other two Americans and to get them from prison.
I thank all of my heart, and I asked him, "Why do I help me?
"I'm not helping you, he said.
"I'm helping the northern people."
And I realized that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The nice stranger symbolizes a new hope for me and for the North people when we needed more it.
And I showed that the kindness of the unknown and the support of the international community are really the rays of hope that the North American needs to need.
Over time, after our long journey, my family and I got together in South Korea.
But achieving their freedom is only half the battle.
Many Americans are separated from their families and when they go up to a new country, they start with little or nothing money.
So, we can benefit from the international community with education, practical language practices, work practices and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people in North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because many of us continue in contact with families still inside, and we send information and money that is helping to change North Korea from within.
I've been very lucky, I have received a lot of help and inspiration in my life, so I want to help by giving the North Koreans an opportunity to thrive with international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more North America around the world, including on the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in South Central Center.
This is Center South Central stores -- fast food, fast food.
So the city planners came together and they thought, and they thought, we're going to change the South Central name for something else, so they changed it to the South Angeles, as if it fix what it actually is wrong in the city.
This is the South Angeles --  There is little strangers -- fast food, fast food.
Just like 26 million other Americans, I live in a food desert, Los Angeles Center, home the food places to bring and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that food places to be killed more people than in the car.
People are dying from curable diseases in Los Angeles Center.
For example, the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times larger than say, let's say, Beverly Hills -- which is about 15 miles away.
I'm sick to see this happen.
And I ask myself, how would you feel if they didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time they come out of the house you see the current food system in their neighborhood?
I see chairs of compressed and sold and sold as cars.
I see centers of dialogue picking up like Starbucks.
And I think this must stop.
I think the problem is the solution.
The food is the problem, and it's the solution.
I was also tired of driving in about 45 minutes and goes back to me to buy an apple that doesn't have petrifications.
What I did, I was planting a food forest in front of my house.
In a sliver sliver we call a garage.
It's about 45 feet three feet.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what I want to do in win, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it."
That's how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, L.A. Green Groups, we put together and we started planting our food forest, fruit trees, you know, the new vegetables.
What we do, we are kind of a part of a group paid by the gardens of all the productions, all of the city and completely volunteers, and everything we do is free.
And the garden was beautiful.
Then someone complained about it.
The city came up with me and in summary, and they gave me a quote by saying that I had to withdraw my garden, the quote was made of the computer order.
And I said, "Come on, right?
A court order to plant food on a piece of land that no one matter?  So I was like, "Well, I was like, "Well, I'll take it."
Because this time wasn't going to happen.
L.A. had the story written by Steve Launder, and I talked to the content and one of Britain's members and one of Green Gross members who put a petition in China, with 900 firms -- we were a success.
We had the victory in our hands.
My congestion even called me to say they refugee and adore what we were doing.
I mean, like, why not? Why not?
L.A. is the U.S. city with more grasslands beats.
It has 68 miles of based on based on.
That equals 20 Central Park.
That's enough space to plant 72 million tomato plants.
Why don't you say it doesn't seem good about this?
Creating a plant will give you a thousand seeds. 10,000 seeds.
When a dollar dollar will give you 75 dollars of outcome.
It's my hymis, when I tell people, they grow your own food.
Growing your own food is like to print your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for South Central Center.
I grew up there. I raised my kids there.
I was reminded to be part of this manufacturing reality that was manufacturing for me for others, and I'm going to manufacture my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The gardening is my graphic, I grow my art.
Such as an artist artist, which is to make walls, I get seats -- grades.
I use the garden, the land, like a piece of canvas, and plants and trees, are my embarrassment of that canvas.
You'll be surprised to see what the land can do, if you let be your canvas.
You just can't imagine how amazing it is a gravity and how it affects people.
What happened?
I'm witness of how my garden became a tool of education, of my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of land.
We are the land.
You'll be surprised to see how kids affect guys.
The gardening is the most therapeutic and provocative act that you can do especially in a urban.
Also, they get strands.
I remember one occasion, which came a mother and his daughter, were like the 12, and they were like the 12, and they were in my garden, and they went out and looked very hard.
I, well, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this.
This is on the street for one reason.
I felt shame when I saw people that was so close to me with hungry, and this just reinforces why I do this, the people ask me, "Finally, don't fear that people are going to rob your food?
And I say, "For God, no, I'm not afraid you're going to rob it out.
That's for that street.
That's what it's about.
I want you to take it, but in turn, I want you to give back your health.
There was another occasion, I put a garden in a refugee shelter in the Los Angeles Center.
They were these guys, they helped me download the truck.
It was fabulous. I was shared by their stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant with their mom and their grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed them, so it was just for a moment.
So Green Gross has come to plant maybe 20 gardens of them.
We have had, like 50 people who come from, work and participate, all in voluntary plan.
If kids grow up, kids eat collection.
If you grow up, you eat tomatoes --  But if none of this is taught you, if you're not taught how food affects mind and body, you eat blind and body, you eat blind things in front of them.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing that they're stuck. I see color kids that are on this path designed for them, it doesn't take them anywhere.
With the gardening, I see an opportunity where we can train these kids who are commissioned to their communities to have a sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
Maybe the next George Washington, Carloso Carlosing.
But if we don't change the composition of land, we never will.
Now this is one of my plans. This is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole block of gardens where people can share food in the same picture.
I want to take condoms and turn them into healthy coffee.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free things, because free is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability.
What I'm talking about is to put people on the street of the street, who know the shoe, who know the joy and the pride and the honor to grow their own food, opening markets.
What I want to do here, we have to do sexy.
I want everybody to become reduced in electricity, global global garages.
We need to change the script of what's a platform.
If you're not a garden, you're not a platform.
That global plates take their classroom on it?
That is his weapon of choice.
In short, if you want to meet with me, well, if you want to see me, you don't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about doing some shit.
If you want to see me, they come to the garden with their hair so that we can plant something.
peace. Thank you.
Thank you.
(Music sounds)  (Paper of the microscopes."  You probably all agree with me where this is a very nice road.
It's made of astonishese, and the asphalt is a good material for driving, but not always, especially not in days like today.
You can have a huge amount of water in the asphalt.
And especially if you're riding in your bicycle, and these cars pass -- that's not very nice.
Also, the asphalt can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we build roads, like in the Netherlands, very close to the cities, we would want a silent road.
The solution for that is to make surface roads.
The post-conflict astronomer, a material that we use now in most of the roads of the Netherlands, has pores and water can go through it, so all the rainwater flow through it, so all the rainwater will flow through it, so all the rain is easy to drive, and they won't save water.
Noise will also disappear in these pores as well.
Because it's very success, the whole noise will disappear -- so it's a very silent road.
It also has devices, of course, and the disadvantage of this road is that you can get rid of it.
What is it refusing? You see that in this road, the stones of the surface come out.
First one stone, then several more and more and more and more and more and more, and so on, and then you can do that --  But you can do it --  But you can do it --  But you can give it your pressures, and you're not happy with that.
And finally, this can also lead to more and more harm.
Sometimes they can create balls with that.
Oh. It's ready.
Baches, of course, you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
Here you can see how damage damage to this material.
It's a porous, as I said, so it only has a little amount of anxiety between the stones of the rock.
Because of the income to ultraviolet ultraviolet -- to the oxytocin, to the surgery, this beautiful, the glue between the rides, the rounds of the rides, will be blocked, and if you encourage, you will do microscopes and you will separate from the advantages.
So if you drive through the road, you will take the addicted -- as we see it here.
To solve this problem, we think of materials.
If we can make this material acceptance, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is to use steel wool from that to clean sharks, and we can cut the steel line into very small pieces, and we can mix those little pieces with the balloon.
So we have an asphalt with little bits of steel line on it.
Then you need a machine, like the one you see here, that you use to cook -- an industry machine.
The industry can heat up, especially steel, it's very good at it.
So what you have to do is heat the steel, melt the ball, the baby flow for these microscopes and the stones will look back at the surface.
I used a microwave oven, because I can't bring the big industry here to the stage.
Microfinance horse is a similar system.
I put the show, I'm now going to take out to see what happened.
This is the show coming out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tried a lot of samples there, and then the government, they really saw our results, and they thought, "Well, that's very interesting. We need to try to try and say, "Well, that's very interesting.
So they gave us a piece of road, 400 meters of the Apple Apollo, where we had to do a test card to test this material.
So that's what we did there. You see where we were doing the test test, and then, of course, this road will last several years without any harm. That's what we know about practice.
We take a lot of samples of this road, and we test them in the lab.
We were aging the samples, we put a lot of charge in them, we got them a lot of charge in them, we separated them after our industry, and we went back and tested.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can tell you that we've made a material using steel fibers by incorporating these fibers, using the power of industry to actually increase life surface for actually increase life surface of the surface of the road, can actually double life on the surface of very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they have curiosity to whether this also worked.
We still have the sample here. It's pretty hot.
In fact, you have to run first before you can show them how repeated repairs.
But I'm going to do a try.
Let's see. Yes, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember having woken up one morning with the sound of the octopus in my house.
My father was listening to BBC News, in his little gray radio.
He had a great smile in his face that it was unusual at the time, because the news generally depressed.
"The Taliban were going to get out my father.
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see my father was very, very happy.
"Now I know you can go to a real school, he said.
One morning I never forget.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old, when the Taliban came out of Afghanistan and made the illegal girls go to school.
For the next five years, I was dressed as a child to escort my older sister, who no longer could be alone outside, to go to a secret school.
It was the only way that we could be able to educate them.
Every day, we took a different route so that no one could support where we were.
We had to hide the books in the market for it to seem to be books.
The school was in a house, more than 100 of us in a small room.
It was nice in the winter, but extremely hot in summer in summer.
We all knew that we risk our lives, the teacher, the students and our parents.
Every once in a while, school was suddenly closed for a week, because the Taliban supported.
We always wondered what they knew about us.
Would they be following us?
Did you know where we live?
We were terrifying, but still, the school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow up in a family where education was appreciated and the daughters a teacher.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for her time.
A total mental management of Afghanistan in the remote provider of his daughter, my mother, my mother, went to school and why his father was represented to her father.
But my mother educated became teacher.
This is her.
It will retire two years ago, just to convert our house in school for girls and women in our neighborhood.
And my father, this is, was the first of all his family to get education.
There was no doubt that his children had to receive education, even their daughters, despite the Taliban.
For him, there was a bigger risk to do not educate his children.
Over the years of the Taliban, I remember that there were moments that I was very frustrated for our life, and I was always scared and didn't see a future.
I wanted to give up, but my father said, "Oh, my father said, "I mean, I can lose everything you have in your life.
You can steal your money. You can force your house during a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, which is here, and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we will.
So you still want to be not continuing?
I'm 22 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed for decades of war.
Less than six percent of women in my age have more than the shock, and if my family would not have been so committed to my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I find myself proud of graduate at Millennium College.
When I went back to Afghanistan, my grandfather came back from his home to the courage of educating his daughters, was one of the first in happiness.
He doesn't just get away from my university title but also that I was the first woman, and I am the first woman, and I am the first woman, and I am the first woman who brings it down the streets in Kabitan.
My family believes in me.
I dream big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global ambassador of 1965, a global campaign to educate women.
This is why solar competent, the first and perhaps the only private private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country that is still risky for girls to go to school.
What's exciting is that I see students in my school with the strong desire to harness the opportunity.
And I see their parents and their families who, like my people, advocating for them, despite and still in front of an operating opposition.
Like America. It's not your real name, and I can't show you his face, but Ahmed is the father of one of my students.
Less than a month ago, he and her daughter and his daughter went from SOL to his village, and literally they escaped themselves from being killed by a bomb on the road, for minutes.
When he got to his home, they are the phone, a voice will tell him that if he kept his daughter in school, they would come back to his school to the school.
Believe me, if you want to say, "But I don't harm my daughter for her old and they come older ideas.
What I've realized about Afghanistan, and it's something that is often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of us who we transplant, there is a father who recognized the value of his daughter, and he sees the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean our mothers have not been key in our success.
In fact, often are the first compelling interviews of the brilliant future of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban. The girls who went to school were count in hundreds -- remember, it was illegal.
But today, more than three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in the United States.
I find that Americans see the fraction of changes.
I fear that these changes don't last much, after the retreat of the U.S. troops.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I look at the students in my school and their parents who are advocating for them, they love to them, I see a profound future and a durable change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and unlimited possibility, and every day the Solar girls will remind me.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
Never I have never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in the example, "Hey, "Hey, resistant to Gandhi. fight it.
But you never become a Gallofford style reveal."
They have spent almost two years since the library revolution inspired by the waves of massive molecules as well as the Egyptian revolution.
A force with many other light citizens, within and outside of the country to call a drug day and start a revolution against the Gallopoon Syrian regime regulation.
And we did it -- it was a great revolution.
Women and young men and young people were on the vaccine, demanding the each of the regime, carrying freedom, dignity and social justice.
They've shown a valley to the depression of Gabby director.
They've shown a great sense of solidarity from the Middle East, to the west.
Finally, after a period of six months of brocker war and a loss of about 50,000 dead losses -- we managed to release our country and defeat the tragedy.
However, Gaddafi left a heavy burden -- a legal string and corruption and alternative seeds.
For four decades, the Galora system regime destroyed infrastructure, culture and moral structure of society.
Conscious and challenges, I've wanted, along with many other women, and I wanted to have a lot of other women, rebuild civil society, demanding an inclusive transition and national reconciliation.
It was about 200 organizations in Benki during the same and immediately after the fall of Gabby, roughly 300 in Terer.
After a period of 33 years of example, I went back to Libya and with a single enthusiasm -- I started organizing workshops about development development skills and leadership skills.
With an incredible group of women we are founded by the Planet of Women Libya, a woman of women leaders, leaders, very diverse orientation, to advocate for the political autonomy of the woman and our right of equal participation in the building of democracy and peace.
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the private period -- an environment which was increasingly pollinated, which is moved from selfish policies of dominance and exclusion.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won a 17 percent of the National Congress in the first elections in 52 years.
However, slowly to little, the exhilaration of choices and the revolution of the electricity and the way it was, they were disappearing, every day we found news of violence.
One day we wake up with the news of ancient mosques and Sufi graves on Sufi tumor.
Another day I angular with the murder of American ambassador and the consumer attack of the consumer.
Another day we wake up with the news of the office of the officer officer.
And every day, every day we wake up with the government of the military rights and their continues for the human rights rape violation and their lack of law.
Our society, made by a revolutionary mindset, is more popular -- and it has gone away from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, dignity, we had the beginning.
The intolerance, the exclusion and the revenge.
I'm not here today to inspire them with our success of the success of crime list and elections.
Rather, I'm here today to confess that we, as a nation, electricity, we make the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize well.
Because elections didn't bring peace, stability and security to Liberia.
Is the criminal list and the alternative between candidates and candidates national recognition?
No, they didn't.
What happened?
Why our society is still pollutant and dominated with selfish policies of dominance and exclusion.
Perhaps what they failed was not just women, but the female values of compassion, mercy and inclusion and inclusion of compassion.
Our society needs national dialogue and the creation of consensus more than what the choices needed to be released and dividend.
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of the female more than need the numerical and quantitative performance of it.
We need to stop acting as a indication agents and calling days of anger.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy.
We have to develop a female speech, which is not only honor but also puts the message in rather of the revenue, the collaboration instead of competition, the inclusion instead of exclusion.
These are the ideals that a Libya, destroyed by war, desperately needs in order to achieve peace.
Because peace has an algorithm that is about the interaction and the alternative between the female perspectives and the male.
That's the real crime.
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it in a political way.
According to a version of the Koran "Santa Peter, "It's the word of the Middle Medicine, "Institute," compassion."
At the same time, the word "Architecture: which is known in all the analysis of automatic traditions, has the same root in Arabic than the word "Archive, symbolized the feminine and material that goes to the whole humanity of men and women, that all the tribes and all the people have embedded.
And so, just as the uterus covers completely covers the embryo, which is the divine matrix of natural compassion all the existence.
This is what it tells us, "My message is all the things."
That's how we tell us, "My message prevents on my anger.
That everybody is being told the grace of the measurement.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about an incompatical question, which has an equally incredible answer.
This is the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to address is what everybody always, why she's left?
Why would someone stay with a man who was put to stay with a man who should be stayed with a man who should be standing?
I'm not a psychiatrist, no social worker, no expert in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell.
I was 22 years old. I had just license at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York City for my first job as a writer and editor in the Seven magazine.
I had my first apartment, my first green card American Aristotle, and I had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man, that I created my twin soul -- I would put my head on the head with a gun.
The man, which I loved more than anyone in this world, put a gun in my head and threatened to kill me more than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of "calling love, a psychological trap -- a psychological trap of love, where every year millions of women fall and even some men.
Until it could be his story.
I don't look like a typical survival of domestic violence.
I'm a library in Harvard University, and I have a MBA on Harvard Business School.
I've spent most of my career working for companies on the Fortune 500 list, among Johnson & Johnson & Johnson & Johnson Poll.
I take almost 20 years with my second husband and we have three children.
My dog is a black worker and I drive an Odious Henrius Chinese.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all of the race, all of the levels of kidney and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a problem of women.
Not exactly exactly.
Over 85 percent of the malaria markers are men, and domestic abuse only happens in intimate relationships, internalized and long duration is in the families, the last place where we want to either or expect to find violence -- and the last place where we want to either or we expect to find violence.
I would have told them that it would be the last person in the world that would be left with a man who would put him in, and actually I was a very typical victim because of my age.
I was 22 years old, and in the United States, women between 16 and 24 women are three times more likely to be three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence victims than the other ages, and over 500 women and girls from that age every year and girls are killed every year by couples of the United States.
I was also a typical victim because I knew nothing about domestic violence, their warning signals or their patterns.
I met Congo in a cold, rainy night of January.
I was sitting next to my side in New York subway and started to force me.
He told me two things.
The first was that he also had just been listening from a University of Levity Leader and he worked in a very important bank from Wall Street.
But the thing that struck me the first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and it seemed like a guy in the field.
I had some big molecules like apples and a broken hair there, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the smartest things that Congo did -- from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the partner.
It made it about all the beginning by putting in a period.
So we started coming out and loved all of me, which was ready, that I went to Harvard, that I had gone to Harvard, who put a passion on teenage girls, and my job.
I wanted to know all about my family, my childhood, my dreams and my dreams and my illusions.
I conceive it believed in me, as a writer and a woman, as no one had ever done it.
And it was why the license in that prestigious school and work on Wall Street and his brilliant future had so much important for him.
I didn't know that first phase in any domestic violence relationship to any domestic violence relationship to the victim.
And I didn't know that second step is to isolate it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was to go from New York and leave the work of my dreams, but I thought I had to do sacrifices for your partner -- so I accepted my job, so I quit my work and Congo and I went together with Manhattan together.
I had no idea that he was falling in a load of love, and he was entering head in a physical track, financial and psychological trap.
The next step in the domestic violence pattern is to introduce the threat of violence to see how she react to her.
And this is where those piles come in.
As soon as we moved to New England you know, that site where I was supposed to have to feel so safe to buy three piles.
One had in the car guard.
Another standard underneath the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket.
And he said that he needed those piles because of the trauma that lived small.
I needed them to feel safe.
But those guns actually were a message for me, and even though I had never raised my hand, my life was already serial dangerous, every minute every day.
The first physics of Congo was five days before our wedding.
It was seven in the morning in the morning and still had the chair.
Five days later, when the 10 sketches of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother's girlfriend from my mother and married me with it.
Despite what had happened, I was sure that we would live happily forever, because I loved him, and he also wanted me a lot.
And I was very, very righted.
It just had felt very busy in the wedding and for the fact to make a family with me.
I had been an isolated accident, and I'd never gotten hurt.
I spent twice in our honey moon.
The first time I was driving towards a secret beach and I lost me, and he gave me so strong in the head that I broke several times against the window of the car.
And then, a couple of days later, driving back from our mountain of honey was boring out of the traffic, and I'll take a Big Mac cold car.
Congress kept out to be one or twice a week or twice a week for the next two and a week of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One in three American women is victim of domestic violence victim at some point of their life, and the Disease Center of Disease Control that every year 15 million children are married, 15 million.
So, actually, I was very good company.
Go back to my question: Why did it go?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know he was abusing me.
Instead, I was a very strong woman, fell in love with a deeply deal man, and it was the only person in the world that could help Congo to his devils.
The other question that everybody does is: Why simply isn't it?
Why didn't I go? I could have gone at any time.
To me, this is the most sad and painful question that people do, because we, the victims, we know something that normally you ignore -- it's incredibly dangerous to abandon a malaria.
Because the last phase in the domestic violence pattern is killing it.
More than 70 percent of the killers in cases of domestic violence happens after the victim of the victim to the relationship, because then the abuse doesn't have anything to lose to the relationship, they have nothing to lose.
Other implications include the permanent air, even after the abuse has come back to us, financial resources, financial resources, and manipulation of the family justice system to the family to the victims and their children, who are usually forced by judges to spend time not surrounded by the man who would beat their mother.
And yet we continue to ask why simply doesn't it?
I was able to go, because I was able to get out of one last piece of passionate sports that my denial.
I realized that the man who loved so much, he would have killed me if she had allowed him to do it.
So I broke the silence.
I told everybody to the world: the police, my neighbors, to my family, to my friends and the families, to uncomfortable unknown, and I'm here today because all of you helped me.
We have the trend trend to victims as super-profit headlines, self-destructive women, damaged goods.
The question, "Why is it left?
For some people it's a way of saying, "The fault is to stay staying, as if the victims will integrated in love with men who want to destroy them.
But since I published "Light love, I've heard hundreds of men and women who were also scaled, who learned an insulation of what happened to them and they rejected their lives and they picked up their happy lives and they picked up their happy lives as employees, husbands and mothers and mothers, completely free violence, of violence.
Because it turns out that actually I'm a victim and a survival of domestic violence.
I went to married with a man and a nice man and we have those three children.
I have that black lab and also the minister.
What I'm not going to do is never have ever more, ever, it's a pilot class pointing on my hands of someone who says to me.
Right now, you're thinking, "Hello, that's fascination? Or "Hall, which is fascination? Or "Hall, what the stupid thing was, but all of this time I actually have been talking about you.
I assure you that there are a few people listening to me right now, that they're being abused or that they're being married or that they were being abused or they're automatically automatically.
The marketing could be affecting his daughter, her sister, her best friend right now.
I was able to be able to end my crazy love by breaking the silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last petition to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
The abuse only only in silence.
They have the power to end up with domestic violence, simply shedding light on it.
victims, we need everybody.
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
They take the balance to the light talking about it with their children, their friends and their friends and their family.
They represent their vision of survivors as fantastic and lovely people, who have a full future.
They recognize the early violence signs to intervene consciously to slow down their scale and show the victims of a safe safe.
Together, we can turn our bed, our tables and our families and our families in the safe and peaceful orchestras and they should be.
Thank you.
Hi. My name is Cameron Russia, and for a while, I'm a model.
To be precise, for 10 years.
And I feel that right now, there's an uncomfortable tension in the room because it shouldn't have seen me like this.  Fortunately, I've brought clothes to change.
This is the first piece of clothing on a TED stage on a TED stage, so you have a lot of luck.
If some of the women were horrified when it came out, they don't have to say it now, but I'll find it later in Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think about me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These tables are very uncomfortable -- less bad than I don't have to use.
The worst part is going to spend this subset by the head because it's going to laugh from me, so they don't do anything while I cover my head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
The appearance is powerful, but it's also surprisingly.
I've completely changed what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I never had a girlfriend in real life.
I was totally uncomfortable and the photographer told me to fix the back, and to touch the hair.
Of course, except with surgery or an artificial serious area like that two days ago for the work, there is very little that we can do to transform our respect, which, although and immediately, has a big impact in our lives.
So today, for me, being brave means to be honest.
I'm on this stage, because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice woman and white woman, and in my workforce, that's being a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always do, but in a sincere way.
The first question is, how do you become model?
And I always say, a catalyst found me, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I became a model is because I won the genetic lottery. I'm the benefit of a heritage and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, in the last few centuries, we have not only defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry and symmetry, which we're biologically programmed to admit, we've also associated with a high and seat figure, to the family and a white skin.
And that's my heroing, heritage that I've known to take advantage to make money.
And I know that there are people in the audience who are now showing specialist, and maybe there are some love in the fashion that they say -- wait -- there are Namadok, tribes, Joan Symmis, Liu Weight.
First of all, the happy to know so much about models. It's amazing.
But unfortunately, I have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at New York University told all of them and each of the models in the runway, and from the 77 models hired -- only 27 percent of them in the runway, and of the 77 models were not white.
The next question that people always ask me is: Could it be a model when it's bigger?
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't think that one.
But later, what I would really tell you to do to each of these girls is, why? Can you be what you want.
You can be president of the United States, or the next invention of the next Internet, or a charity surgeon, which would be impressive, because you're the first one.
If after this spectacular list, still inspired, no, Camero, I want to be a model, then I say, "I know my boss, I know my mind.
Because I'm not in charge of nothing, and you could be the head of the American magazine magazine or the HIV executive director of HIV, or next Steven Mexican Director.
To say that most of you want to be model is like saying you want to win the lottery.
It's outside of your control, it's amazing, and it's not a work that you can choose.
I'm going to show you all I learned in 10 years as a model, because unlike heart surgery, it can be summarized right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Once sadly, once you've left your studies, and you have a curriculum and you work on your back, no matter what you say, it doesn't matter what you say, if you say you want to be president of the United States, but your cure models for 10 years, people would look at the press of the United States of the United States people.
The next question that people always do is whether all the pictures are reported.
And yes, they pretty much report all the photos, but that's just a little part of what happens.
This was the first picture they took me, and also the first time I used a bionics, and I didn't even have my own period.
I know we're entering the personal ground, but it was a child.
So it lights together to my grandmother a few months earlier.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I am in a couple of days before the French Voice photos for the French Venture.
So here I am with my football team and the journal V.V.
And this is me today.
And I hope you realize I'm not in those pictures.
They are creation of a group of professionals, penetrations, machines, photographers and statistics, and all of their aid helps and protein and production and all their aid and people of press and production and they can create this.
Well, the next question that people always ask me is: Do free things fact?
I have too many 20, and I never use, except the before, except the before, but the privilege that I get in the real life, but the privilege I get in is real life, and we don't like to speak.
I grew up in Cambridge, and I once went to a store and I forgot to take money, and they gave me the farmer display.
When I was a teenager, I was traveling with my friend who was a last driver -- and of course, a red seminar -- and of course, they stood up, and I was a sorry, agent to be able to drive driving down.
I enjoy these privilege for me, not for what I am, and there are people who are paying a price for their way without measuring who they are.
I live in New York, and last year, of the 140,000 teenagers that were stopped and recorded and 86, 86 percent were black and Latino and most of them were young black men.
And there are only only 177 young black and Latino young people in New York, so for them, it's not a question of me stop?
But how many times will you stop me? And when do you stop me?
When I was researching for this talk, I found out that at 53 percent of girls in the United States of 13 in the United States don't like their body, and that number goes to 78 percent at the 17.
So the last question that people ask me is: How is life of a model of a model?
And I think the answer you expect is: If you're a little bit more thin, you have the brightest hair, you will feel very happy and great.
And behind the cameras, we give an answer that maybe so much of it.
We say, it's really wonderful travel, and also incredible to work with creative people.
And all of that is true, but it's just a part of what happens, because what we never say in the cameras -- what I have never said in front of them, is, I'm insecure. I'm insecure.
And I'm because I have to worry about my way every day.
And if you ever ask yourself, with some more thin legs and the brightest hair, will be happier.
They only have to meet with a group of models, because they have the most thin legs -- the brightest hair and the most cheap and the most fashionable women in the fashion but probably the most profitable women on the planet.
But especially it was hard to analyze a race of racial oppression and gender and I am one of the greatest benefits.
If there is something to hold out of this talk, I hope that everyone is more comfortable to recognize the power of image in the perception that we have succeeded, and failure.
Thank you.
Photography has been my passion since it was older enough to get a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 more printed pictures and I wasn't going to share with you.
There were no artistic directors, no statistically, no opportunity to repeat the photos, not even a minimum care in the illumination of illumination.
In fact, most of them took them into random.
My story begins when to find out in New York City to give a position, my wife took me this picture of my daughter holding my daughter on his first birthday. That's the 57 and 5.
So I gave the chance we went back to New York City just a year later, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes now.
When the third birthday of my daughter, my wife said to me, why don't you take you to wise New York on a paradigm and continue to contained the ritual?
This is when we started to ask the tourists that they were going to take us out of it.
It's amazing that the gesture to deliver camera to a complete unknown is so universal.
Never nobody has denied and, fortunately, no one has been denied with the camera.
So we were not aware of how much life this journey would change.
It became something sacred to us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter that I had happened that day that day a five-year-old girl could understand it.
These pictures are much more than representations of a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way of stopping time in a week of October and making us reflect about our time and our evolution over the years, and our evolution over the years, and not only at the physical level, but in all ways.
Because, although we always took the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter gets new stories, and I can see life through his eyes and how I perceive and interact with everything.
That time in concrete that we spend together is something we expect to do with illusion all year.
Recently, on one of the trips, we were walking, when all of a sudden, he stopped in dry and pointed out a red touch of a red store from the dolls of the dolls that was standing up with little visitors in before.
And he described to me what had felt at the age of five in the same place.
He said he remembered his heart beating with force to see that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what I look at now in New York are universities, because it's decided to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we create are the memories.
So I want to share the idea of participating actively in conscious memory creation.
I don't know you, but apart from these 15 pictures, I don't know in many of the family pictures.
I'm always the one who takes the picture.
Today I want to encourage you to all of us to appear in the picture, and don't do you to ask someone and ask us to ask us a picture of a photo?
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
The guides are in the most threatened bird group.
First of all, why do they have so bad press?
It's also associated with Disney laughter systems like mental characters, dumb characters, stupid, stupid.
More recently, if you've been following the Kenyan press press, applause and alterian analysis are the attributes that associate with the Kenyan Parliament -- but I don't accept.
I don't accept it. You know why?
Because members of Parliament don't keep clean the environment.  The parliament is not helping to prevent the spread of diseases.
It's hardly monitoring.    They're far away to extend.  And my favorite, the buckets have better presence.   There are two kinds of buckets on this planet.
There are the New World Burshms who are primarily found in America, like contents and cartoons, and the Old World Burstons, where we have 16 species.
So, why are guides are important? First of all, provide vital ecological services -- Ligain.
It's our natural garbage collections.
They clean up the carcasses to the bone.
They help kill all bacteria -- they help to absorb the anthrax that will not be because they will spread and cause great loss of livestock and diseases in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there is no buckets, the carcasses take from three to four times more time to decline, and this has huge branching rationalization in disease.
The buckets also have huge historical importance.
They've been associated with the ancient Egyptian culture.
Needlethia was the symbol of the protectors and the maternity and together with the copper symbolized, simulated the unit between the High and the Einstein.
In the Indian mythology, Jake was the golden god and risked his life to save the State God from the degree of 10 heads Randon.
In the Tibetan culture, they are very important to open sky, in places like Tibet Tiety, there is no place to bury the dead, or wood to them, so these buckets provide a natural elimination system.
What's the problem with the bubbles?
We have eight species of bubbles in Kenya, which are six of them in extreme threat threat.
The reason is, they're being conveniently, and the reason they're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and the fancy. The passive communities use this poison against predators, and as a consequence, the bubbles are victims of this.
In southern Asia, countries like India and Pakistan and Pakistan -- four species of bubbles are in the critical list of endangered endangered danger, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years away, and the reason is because of livestock consumption that has been treated with an analog drug like the Dictixon.
This drug has been banned for veterinarians in India and have taken a position.
Since there are no buckets, there has been a spread in the number of street dogs in the neighborhood of cards of caves, and when you have street dogs -- you have a huge time bomb bomb number has increased in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the largest wind parks in Africa, 350 adventures are going to be above Lake Turkey.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because wind turbines do this to birds -- they cut them in half.
They are birds.
In Western Africa, there's an awful trade of dead guides to serve and to the physical market.
So what is it doing? Well, we're looking at these birds. We're putting them transparent.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology and see where they go.
We can see that they travel for different countries, so focus on a problem that will not be able to serve nothing.
We have to work with governments in regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciating the buckets, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and the services that they provide.
How can you help? It can become active -- it can become active -- you can write a letter to your government and tell them we have to focus on these very incomprets and to tell you we have to focus on the word to spread the word.
When they come out of this room, they'll report about the buckets, but they talk to their families, with their kids, their children, with their neighbors on the buckets.
They are very elegant. Charles Darwin said he changed the opinion because he watched them fly without endeavor.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I do and everything I do produced -- my life has been shaped for seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
Since 1970 to 1977, I was a young man, but I'm not.  I worked in Zambia. Kenya, Court of Marian, Algeria, Argentina and Somalia.
I worked for an Italian NGO and every project that we set in in Africa.
And he was presented.
I thought, at the age of 21, that the Italians were good people, and we were doing good work in Africa.
Instead of that, everything we put it out.
Our first project, which inspired my first book, "Dances of Zambia, was a project where Italians decided to teach people from Zambia to grow food.
So we came up with Italian seeds south of Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that descends the Zambia, and we teach local Italian tomatoes and called the calls to grow the Italian tomatoes and the called to the called to the labels, and ...
Of course, people were not at all interested in doing that, so we paid them to work to come to work, and sometimes they didn't help.  We were amazed that the local valleys, in such fertile valley, had no agriculture.
However, instead of asking how it was possible that they didn't grow up nothing, we just said, "Thank God that we are here."  "Just take time to save people from Zambia.
And of course, everything in Africa was growing up.
We got these magnificent tombs. In Italy, a tomato will grow to this size. In Zambia, this size.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling the shocks, "Look how easy the agriculture."
When the tomatoes were beautiful, masters and red, overnight in the morning, about 200 pounds.
And the ships said, "Yes, that's why we don't have agriculture here."  "Why didn't they say that? You never asked it?
I thought we only just heard mistakes in Africa, but then, I saw what Americans did, what the Americans did, what the English did, what the French did, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed the hypothesis.
You should see the waste --  You should see the waste we gave them to the retrofits of Africa.
He wants to read a book, he read "Heara "Health of Damanian Machine, embarrassing emissions.
The book was published in 2009.
We, Western donors, we have delivered the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about the damage that that money has caused us.
Just read your book.
Watch it from an African woman, the damage we've done.
The Westerners are imperative, collective missions, and we treat people only in two ways, or patients, or we're patients.
The two words come from the Latin root root," which means "passion."
However, they mean two different things.
Pandas, I treat any of a different culture as if they were kids, "I want a lot.
Patroll, I treat all of a different culture as if they were services.
So the white in Africa are called "Barellie: You have boss.
That book gave me a bomb in the face -- "The little beautiful is beautiful, written by School, who said about all economic development, if people don't want to be helped to be helped to be helped alone.
This should be the first principle of help.
The first principle of aid is to respect it.
This morning, the gentleman that I opened up this conference put up this conference put in the floor and said, can you imagine a city that isn't neuroscientist?
I decided at 27 years old to just answer people, and invented a system called Facebook Facebook -- where you have never started anything, you're never motivated to anyone, but it turns into a local passion of the local passion that you have the dream of becoming a better person.
So what do you do? It's left.
It's never coming to a community with an idea, and it sits with the people in the local literature.
We don't work from offices.
We met in a coffee bar. We met in a pub.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we find what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give it an idea to somebody.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what's going to do you?
The passion that she has for her growth is the most important thing.
The passion that that man has for its own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then we help them find knowledge because nobody in the world can succeed.
The person with the idea may not have the knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea: Why not us, for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why not, for once we listen to them, but not in community meetings. But not in community meetings.
Let me tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
The entrepreneurs never come in, and they will never tell you, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, what opportunity has identified to do.
So planning has this blind dot.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't attending their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face to face, you have to create a social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You must create a new profession.
profession is the family doctor, the family doctor, the business doctor, which is established with you in your home, on your kitchen table, in coffee and helps you to find the resources to transform your passion in a way to make your life.
I started this as a proof in hope, Western Australian City.
I was doing a Ph.D. at that time, trying to get away from this bear baseball where we got to tell them what to do.
In one year, I had 27 projects, and the government came to me and the government came to see me, "How can you do that?
How can you do that? And I said, "I did something very, very difficult.
I was like, and I listened to them.  So the government says, "Hongey again."  We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped to start 40,000 business.
There's a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying from solid.
Peter Debrit, one of the greatest business masters of the story, passed to '96, a few years ago.
Peter Debridge was a philosophy professor before engaging in business, and this is what Peter Dragon: "The planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative company.
The planning is the kiss of death of corporate spirit.
So now you're going to rebuild Christmas without knowing what the smartest people in Christmas want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people close to conversation with you.
You have to offer confidence, privacy, you have to be fantastic when you help them, and then you will come in mass.
In a community of 10,000 people, we get 200 customers.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, the intelligence and passion?
Which presentation you have applied to this tomorrow?
Passionate local people. That's what you do.
So, what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We are at the end of the first industrial fossil fuels, not renewable fossil fuels, manufacturing and one moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The train as a way of holding machinery is not sustainable.
What we have to consider is how we nutrie, we cure, we cure, we transform seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who is going to invent technology for the green revolution, the universities, forget Forget it." Forget it?
The government government? Forget it?
They're going to be the entrepreneurs and they're doing it now.
There's a nice story that I read in a future magazine does many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts who were invited to debate the future of New York City in the 18th 18th.
And in 1860, this group of people, this group of people, and they explained to what would happen to the city of New York in 100 years, and the conclusion was finished, the New York City would not exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they analyzed the curve and pointed out, if the population keeps growing to this rate, to bring the population from New York to the around around six million horses and the manure produced by six million horses of horses would be impossible to learn.
They were already getting stuck.  So in 1860, in 1860, they were dividing this dirty technology that broke New York life.
So what happens? In the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States, in the United States, in the United States.
And the idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very few -- scale, scales, in particular places.
Deadberg, Michigan, Henry Ford Ford Ford.
However, there is a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First, you have to offer confidence.
Otherwise, they won't come to conversation with you.
Then you have to offer them an absolute an absolute serious, experience service.
And then you will have to tell the truth with respect to understand.
The smallest company, the largest company, has to be able to do three things -- many things -- the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic, you have to be fantastic, you have to count with a fantastic financial administration, and you have to count with a great financial administration.
You know what?
We've never met a single human being in the world that can do, selling and search for the money alone.
It doesn't exist.
This is still not born.
We've been research and looked at the 100 icons in the Carnegie world, Westerney, Edison world, Ford, all of the new companies, Google, James.
There is only one thing that all the successful companies in the world have in the world have in common, just one person.
Never the word "I "Me, but the word "We "were: 32 times.
He wasn't just when he began.
Nobody starts a company alone. No one.
So we can create the community where we have facial, where we have facial, who come from a small business environment sitting on coffee boxes, in bars together to their dedicated developers who will do for you, what someone did for this gentleman who is talking about this gentleman who speaks to you, what someone needs to do with you.
What can you do? Can you do it?
Okay, can you sell it up? Can you look for the money?
"Oh, no, I can't do that." "I want you to look for somebody else."
We activate communities.
Thank you.
Those people around us can help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't exchange a lot of knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces.
In the last few years I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like and pillars and chalk.
These projects came out of questions like, how much do my neighbors pay for their approaches?
How can we pay and order more things without calling the door in a bad time?
How do you share more memories from our abandoned buildings and understand our landscape?
How do we share more our hopes to the empty stores so that our communities can reflect our needs to reflect our needs and dream dreams?
I live in New Orleans and I'm in love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with giant robots who give shadows to lovers and drunken tools, and sounds for centuries and trust a city.
There's one in New Orleans.  There's a photographer in New Orleans.  The city has one of the most beautiful architects in the world, but it has one of the most beautiful architects in the world, but also one with the majority of abandoned properties.
I live near this house and I thought how could it convert it into a more nice space for the neighborhood and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost someone who loved a lot.
It was Joen, as a mother for me.
Their death was sudden and unexpected.
I thought too much about death.
And this produced me a profound gratitude for the time I lived and made this deep gratitude for it.
He gave clarity to the significant things of my current life.
But I get to keep this look in my everyday life.
I think it's easy to get caught down the day and forget how really important to one.
So with the old help of old friends and new friends transformed the wall of this house abandoned in a giant slate and painted on her phrases to complete "I want."
So the trains could take a chair, reflect on their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to expect about this experiment, but the next day the wall was filled and kept covering.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
Before I die, I want to be just just a pile of picked."  Before I die, I want to sit down on the drawing line of date."
Before I die I want to sing for millions of people."
Before I die I want to plant a tree.
Before I die I want to live outside of the Web.
Before I die I want to hug it once again.
Before I die I want to go to the rescue of someone's somebody."
Before I die I want to be completely myself."
This space abandoned became constructive and the dreams and hope of people and hope for me to carry cards, and they gave me a control and they gave me on hard moments.
It's about knowing that you're not alone. It's about understanding our neighbors in new and safety and remembering what's most important for us as much as the most important thing for us as we grow up and we change.
This happened last year and I started getting hundreds of messages from passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my colleagues in the civic center, we did a kit and now have been walls in countries around the world, like Kazakhstan, South Africa, Africa, Australia, Argentina and beyond.
Together, we show the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express us and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have is time and our relationships with other people.
In our age of increasing distraction, it's more important than ever, finding ways to preserve perspective and remember that life is short and delicious.
death is something that we often avoid talking about, or even thinking, but I understood that we will prepare for death is one of those things that trust us more power.
Think of death climbing our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better than care as individuals and as individuals and more media to share hope, fears and stories, the people around us not only can help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have a single petition today.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my brothers now.
Remove is 22 years old, it's high and very cool.
Don't talk, but it brings joy better than some of the best speakers.
Remove knows what love is.
It shares it inconvened innocently what happens.
It's not advanced. It doesn't look like the skin color.
They don't care about religious differences and look at this, never mind.
When I sing songs from our childhood, trying to make words that I couldn't even even me, I remember one thing: how little we know about mind and how wonderful it must be the unknown.
Samuel is 16 years old. It's high. It's very cool.
It puts the most impossible memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
I don't remember if I stole my chocolate, but I remember the year I came out of the songs in my iPod -- conversations that we kept when I was four years old, I stood in my arm during the first episode of the Tilts and the Bill Gaga.
Don't you think it seems amazing?
But most people don't.
And in fact, because your minds don't adjust to the concept of society, they're often ignored and understood.
But what I did to my heart and strengthen my soul was that even if that was not considered to be the case, but it could only mean one thing, which was just extraordinary, autistic and extraordinary and extraordinary and extraordinary.
Now, for those most familiar with the term autism, it's a complex brain disorder that affects social communication, learning and sometimes physical abilities.
In every individual is manipulated in a different way, from there that remix is so different to Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, every 20 minutes, you diagnose a new case of autism, and even though it's one of the disorders of developing development in the world, there's no cause or known cure.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without it.
I was only three years old, when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited about having a new self in my life.
When I spent a few months, I realized that he was different.
It was a lot.
I didn't want to play like other babies, and in fact, it didn't seem very interested in me at all.
Remove lived and redinded in his own world, with his own rules, and I found pleasure in the smallest things, like putting the cars around the room, looking at the lamp around the room, looking at the washing and eating anything between the media.
As I grew up, it became more different, and the differences became more evidence.
But beyond the surfaces, frustration and endless hyperactivity, there was something really unique. A pure nature and innocent nature, a child who saw the world without prejudice.
Amazing.
I can't deny that there have been a few difficult moments in my family, where they wish that they were right like me.
But I look back at things that have taught me about the individual, communication and love, and I realize they're things that wouldn't want to change for normal.
The normal normal happens by the beauty that gives us the differences, and the fact of being different doesn't mean that some is wrong.
It just means there's a different view of what's right.
If I could transmit one thing to Rementance and Sam and you, it would be not normal to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because, autistic or not, the differences we have -- are a donor: each of us has a gift inside of it, and honestly, the pursuit of normal.
The opportunity for gravity, progress and change die at the time that we're trying to be like others.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit of what it should have been Asian in the country.
Penn State asked me to me, a communications teacher, who gave a kind of communication student to the engineering student.
I was scared.   Sustainability of these students with his great minds, their big books, and their big books and their big words and the unknown words.
But by developing those conversations, I felt what Alice should have felt like when I fell through the hole of the rabbit and saw the door of a new world.
And I felt like I felt when I had those conversations with students, and I was surprised by ideas that they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to opening that door is a great communication.
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are attacking our biggest challenges, from energy to the environment and the health care of health care, among others, and if we don't know about this, the work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists have these interactions.
But these big conversations can't happen if our scientists and engineers don't invite us to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please, half with simple.
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that your science is sexy and your engineering is attractive.
First question to responded to you, and then what?
Tell us why science is relevant to us.
They don't tell us simply that they study the trials, but they study the strangers, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat the operations.
And when they're describing their science, they care with the jargon.
Jersey is an obstacle for our ideas.
You can say space and temperature? But why don't we say space and time is much more accessible to us?
And it is not the same thing to make them accessible.
Instead, as Einstein said, everything as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate their science without to compromise the ideas.
One thing to consider is to use examples, stories and analogy. They're ways of screaming and excited with their content.
And by presenting his work, forget about the signs of "basica."
They've been wondering why they're called "the "the "bathrooms?  What do the bullets do? The bullets kill, and they kill their presentation.
A film like this is not only just boring, but it supports too much in the language of our brain and open us.
Instead, this example of example of Gene Brown is much more effective, it shows that the special structure of the workers is so strong that it really inspires the unique design of the Eiffel Tower, the Eiffel Tower Today.
The trick here is to use a simple phrase, legislator, that the public can understand if you lose a little bit, and then provide graphs that appeal to our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding of what's described to our designers.
I think these are just some key key that can help the others open open and see the country of the wonders that is science and engineering.
And so, scientists and engineers, when they solve this equation, for every media --  all media with simple.  Thank you.
One of my favorite words of the whole dictionary.
Just because it sounds very good.
And "I will be selecting "discovery policy."
Although there was a journalistic editor of the 19th century that defined it much better when he said, "A self-design is who seeks a public charge without measuring a shape, platform or principle, and that when I win, it gets it through the mere use of a methodology verbal verbal monument.
I have no idea what reference means.
Something about the words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the foundation in politics, and all politicians know that they have to try to dominate language.
It wasn't until -- for example, 1971 that the British Parliament allowed the newspapers to cited the exact words that were said in the parliamentary camera.
And all of this was thanks to the bravery of a guy with the name of Brazil Croncome, who faced the Parliament of Brazils.
They got them on the London Tower and they would be fighting it, but he had enough courage to face them, and at the end he had such a popular support in London that he won.
And just a few years later, we had the first registered use of the phrase of the picture like this polio thing as "manipulation."
Most of you think it's literature.
It's not. It's because of the freedom of expression.
But to really show you really how words and politics interact, I want you to go back to America right after the independence.
So, they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, their leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call a Republican country?
This was called in Congress for a long time.
They presented all kinds of suggestions that could be frustrated.
Some wanted to call it "The Washington State "East Washington," and others, "Here's "The Larry George Washington, and other Defense Georges Washington Washington."
Not very attractive.
Some just wanted to call it "Britain."
They thought it was a little bit of a quality.
And not even with it were monopoly, they had the idea that one could be chosen to be elected King by a determined term.
And it could have served it.
Everyone gets tired of the world, because this debate is made for three weeks.
I read a little bit of a seasonal sensory, and always wrote, still with this topic."
What caused the control and the rest of the Reputation Cameron was against the Senate Conservation.
The Reputations Camera didn't want Washington to be stopped by the power.
They didn't want to call it King for whether he was given to him or his own ideas.
So they wanted to give the most modest title and more unfortunate and more feedback to them.
And that title was President."
Pressure did not invent the title -- there was before, but he just meant somebody who owns a meeting."
It was like the president of a jury.
And I didn't have much more gravity than the term captain or "support."
There were evolutionary presidents of tiny collaboration and government fractions, but it was really an infected title.
And that's why the Senate is open.
They said, "It's ridiculous, we can't call President President."
"This guy has to sign up treated and meeting with foreign digital."
And who will take a serious and infected title like President of America?
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't fall.
We can learn three interesting things of all of this.
First of all, and this is my favorite to where I've been able to find out, the Senate has never made the President of President.
President Barack Obama is lucky enough to follow there, waiting for the Senate Sensing to be in action.
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary --  -- it's possible that we keep waiting 233.
But the third thing that we can learn, and this is the most important thing, and this is the most important thing, and I want to leave you -- is that the title of President of America doesn't sound at all, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads to discussion, the largest economy of the world and a fleet of aerial vehicles -- not triple and so on.
The reality and history have documented the gravity title ...
So the end won the Senate Sea.
They got their research title back.
And also the other concern of the Senate, the science appearance appearance -- well, it was a uniqueness for then.
But do you know how many nations do you have president?
And everything because they want to sound like the guy who has 5,000 nuclear heads and so on.
So the Senate won and the Sea Possess and the Country of Performs lost, because no one is going to feel humble when they tell them that they're now the President of America.
And I think that's the great lesson that we can learn, and I would like to leave you.
Politicians try to choose and use words to shape and to control the reality, but really, the modern reality much more the words that these could change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to meters under land in an illegal mine in Ghana.
The air is loaded from heat and dust and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the rock of sweat bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that talk, but above all, that male holes and stone stones with primitive tools.
Like each other, I carry a cheap light up on the head of the head with this strength and I can barely distinguish the branches that hold the walls of that hole of a subway that falls hundreds of meters on land.
And my hand and suddenly my hand, and suddenly I remember a minute I met days before, who lost control and fell increased feet in that pocket.
While I talk to you today, these men are in deep of that hole risking their lives without paid or reward and often dying.
I came out of that hole and I went home, but they might never do it, because they're prey of slavery.
In the last 28 years, I was documenting native cultures in over 70 countries in six continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor of being the only exhibition of being the only exhibition in the Peace of Peace.
Among all the amazing people I met there I met an integral by French the Seconds, an NGO which is devoted to eradicating modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and, really, I started learning about slavery because I knew that there was in the world, but not to that grade.
When we finished talking, I felt very bad. honestly I was embarrassed.
I had a strength of the stomach, and weeks later, I flew to Los Angeles to meet the Serie of French to meet my Silk.
So I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I had been in many of these sites.
Some of them even considered my second home.
But this time, it would replace dirty training.
A conservative calculation says there are now over 27 million people in the world.
It's twice the number of Africans displaced during the amount of transition seller.
150 years ago, the cost of a farmer slave was about three times the annual salary of a U.S. worker.
The equivalent of about 50,000 dollars.
However, today you can enslave the entire families by generations by nuclear debt deployments.
Amazingly, slavery generates profits of more than 13 billion dollars a year around the world.
Many have been fooled with false promises of good education and better work to discover that they're forced to work without pay, under threat of violence and can't escape.
Today standard speed up in the commercial goods are valued by slaves have value, but those are destructively designers.
So slavery exists in almost everybody and yet, it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal, I met the brick horses.
This strange and formidable show was like entering the old Egypt or the hell.
In a 54-year-old temperature temperature, men, children, in fact, entire families wrapped up in a heavy pack of dust -- stacked mechanically brick balloons in their heads, until 18 at the time, and they get mechanically bricks in their heads, until 18 at the trucks that they are at hundreds of feet.
They developed for monitor and sanctity work in silence, doing this task over and over again for 16 or 17 hours a day.
There were no pause for eating -- and the severe deal with service, and the severe death made it to be quite international.
So penguins were the heat and the dust that my camera became too warm to touch, and stopped working.
Every 20 minutes I had to run into the car to clean the team and make it work with air conditioning to check it and, sitting there, I thought, my camera received a treatment much better than these people.
Back in the oven I wanted to cry but the angle that I was on my side I quickly grabbed me and said, "Lister, don't do it. Don't do it here." Don't do it here."
And I was very clearly explained to me that demonstrate emotions are very dangerous in places like this, not only for me but for them.
I couldn't offer them any direct help.
I couldn't give them money, nothing.
I was not a citizen of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation than they were gone.
I had to trust "The Sex and I had to work inside the system for his release and trusted that they would get it.
In terms of me, I hope to get home to my destroyed heart.
In the Himalayas, I found kids running rocks during miles for mountain terrain to trucks that waiting down.
Those big plants were more heavy than the kids who caught them and the kids put them into their heads with heads made of piles, ropes and horses.
It's hard to witness something so overwhelmed.
How can we influence something so inspired, but so imperative?
Some people don't even know they're slaves -- and they work 16 or 17 hours a day without pay, because this has been all their life.
They have nothing to compare to it.
When these villages recruited their freedom, the scales burned their houses.
When we heard the word slavery often we thought of in sexual traffic, and because of this global consciousness, they made me that that would be hard to work with security in this particular business.
In Kathanic I was taking women who had previously been sexually slaves.
I was driven by a few angry stairs that gave this very dirty statue, of course, fluorescent light.
It wasn't exactly a brutal.
It was rather a restaurant.
Restaurant -- as you know in the office, are local for forced prostitution.
They have small rooms, private rooms, where slaves with their girls and kids, some of only only seven years -- are forced to try to encourage customers and to encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Each dot is dark and surrounding, identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a biomass and a curtain.
Workers often suffer sexual abuse by their clients.
On the figure in the picture, I remember having felt a fear acute fear, and at that instant, I could barely imagine what it should be being trapped in that hell.
I just had a gallon: the stairs.
There were no bottom doors.
There were not big enough windows to straight up.
Those people don't have a school, and because we play a topic so hard, it's important to point out that slavery -- even sexual traffic, happens around us.
There are hundreds of people slavery in the agriculture in restaurants in restaurants in the domestic service, and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 American children sold every year as sex slaves.
It happens for us, but we don't see it.
Textiles are another activity that we often relate to the labor of slave labor.
I visited Indian villages where there were entire families used in the silk trade.
This is a family portrait.
The black hands of black is father, blue and red roofs and their children.
They mix training in these big barrels and they dive the silk in the liquid to the elbow, but the therapy is toxic.
My interpretation told me his stories.
"We don't have freedom? They said.
"We still hope, though, can be able to get out of this house someday and go somewhere where we really pay our job."
It's estimated that there are over 4,000 children in the Lake Volk, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I went to get a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a fish family in a boat, two older brothers, some younger kids, some younger kids, does it make sense, right?
Wrong. They were all slaves.
Kids are separated from their traditional families and disappeared and forced to work on extended strangers in these boats in the lake, even though they don't know swimming.
This boy is eight years old.
When our boat came up was shamed, I was afraid that his little canoe was standing.
He was paralyzed by the fear of falling to water.
The branches of the trees submitted in the Volk often supply networks and kids, philosophers and with fear, throw into the water to unlock the branches.
Many of you are drowned up.
Since I remember, it's always been forced to work on the lake.
For fear of his love is not going to flee and, like all life has been treated with cruelty, it is constantly treating slaves younger under their command.
I met these guys at five in the morning, when they raised the last networks, but they had been working from the one.
And the night and windy night at night.
And he can point out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they're filled with fish.
I want to introduce you to Kofi.
Kofi was rescued in a fishing village.
I met it in a shelter where I was "Free of September Seconds to the School of slavery.
Kofi symbolizes the possible.
Who will become because someone decided to make the difference in their life?
It led to a road in Ghana with "The Soliths of Steven, a Aebolate company with his mother suddenly accelerating his subject and supported our car and touch the window.
It asked us to follow it up on a road path to the forest.
At the end of the road, he tried to go out of the car, and asked the driver to go out quickly.
Then I pointed out this sign barely visible and said, "This is the track, this is the way.
As we started to go down, we removed the destroyed trades that blocked the path and after walking about an hour we found that the path was tied by the recent rain, so I put the pictures on my head as we disappeared on these waters to the chest.
After two hours of walking, the sort of sun was absolutely ended up in a clear, and we had in front of a hole of holes that could fit in a football field and all of them were full of slave workers.
A lot of women had kids strapped into their backs, and as they were looking for gold, they walked into water water water.
The market is used in the process of extraction.
These mines are enslaved in a little bit of a permanent part of Ghana.
When they came out of the point they were packed in their own sweat standard.
I remember looking at his eyes and irreducated, because many had been under land for 72 hours.
The wells have up to 90 feet and these people carry heavy heavy bags that are then transported to another area where they will be transported to another area in which they will catch the gold.
So first of all, the site seems to be filled with strong men, but if we look closer, we see a lot closer to the margin and we see other less lucky and also children.
They're all victims of injuries, disease and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this muscle ended up like this victim of tuberculosis and income in a few years.
This is Manhattan. When his father died, his uncle took him to work with him in the mines.
When I die his uncle, Man inherit the debt of the uncle to be slave in mines.
When I met it, I had worked in the mines 14 years, and the leg injury you see here is a product in the mine, so serious that doctors said it must be application.
In addition to that, Manhattan has tuberculosis, and not yet, it's forced to work night and day in that mine.
Even like this, he dreams to be liberated and educated with local activists of local activists like "Free the Seasak and this kind of determination, of face to a remote possibility -- what inspires me a lot of respect.
I want to draw light on slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen for you around the world.
I wanted them to know that we will give testimony to them and we will do everything possible to help change their lives.
I honestly believe that if we can see each other as human beings, then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not magazine. They're people, real people, like you and I, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in their lives.
There is no day that I happen to not think of these so many beautiful people, bad, whom I've had the great honor to meet.
And I hope that these images wake up a force in who you see them, in people like you, and I hope that force turns out a fire, and that fire shine light over the slavery because, without that light, the beasts of slavery can continue to live in shadows.
Thank you very much.
I do a mathematical math, and there's a peculiar problem for whom it does, we are like management consultants.
Nobody knows what the hell we do.
So I'm going to try to tell you what I do.
The dance is one of the most human activities.
They give us the virtual virtues and the class dancers --  that we will see later.
But whale demands a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of skill and probably certain initial attitudes that can well have a genetic component.
Unfortunately, the neurological disorders like the evil of Parkinson's disease, gradually destroy this extraordinary ability, as it with my friend Jane Stein who, in his time, was a virtual dancer bank.
In the last few years it has been a lot of progress in treatment.
But there are six million people in the world who are sick, and they have to deal with an incurable weakness. The big blood and the right and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it is too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in an objective way, and ultimately, the only way that we know if there is really a cure to be when we have a cure to be when we have an objective and a certainty marriage.
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson's and other movements of the movement don't have biological markers, so they don't serve blood analysis, and the best we have is a neurological exam of 20 minutes.
You have to go to a clinic to do it. It's very, very expensive, and that means out of the clinical trials, they never do.
And what if patients could do it home?
That would save a difficult journey to the clinic. What if patients could do the exam them?
You wouldn't need to be personal.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic.
So what I want to propose to you as not a conventional way to try to try and try -- you see, in a sense, all of us are virtual like my friend Jane Steinvallen.
This is a video of the vibration.
It shows someone healthy as it emits sounds like the dancers of a vocal ballet because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sounds and we all have the genes need necessary -- the Facebook, for example.
And like the ballet requires a level of extraordinary training.
Let's think of the time that it leads to a child learning to talk.
From sound, we can trace the position of vocal ropes as they vibrate them, and as Parkinson's affects to the limb, it also affects the vocal organs.
You can see an example of an example of irregular shopping corals.
We see the same symptoms.
Volunteers and weakness and record.
The speech becomes more quiet and vacuum after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How do these tests compare based on the voice with specialized clinical trials -- well, both of them are invisible.
The neurological test is not invisible. They both use existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to do them.
Both of these are precisely. Well, but also the testing through voice is not specialized.
I mean, they can be anti-positive.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds like a lot.
They're the minimum cost.
When something takes a cost so low, it appears to be massive scale.
These are some amazing goals.
We can reduce the logistical difficulties of patients.
I wouldn't have to go to the clinic for the routine of the routine chart.
With a high frequency monitor, we could get objective data.
We could do massive recognition cost for clinical trials, and for the first time, charity charges to general scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biofuels of disease before it's too late.
So when you give them today the first steps in that sense, we're launching the Moral Initiative of Parkinson's.
Together to Audie and Pakistan, we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start addressing these goals.
We have accessible local lines for about 750 million people in the world.
anyone, with or without Parkinson's, can call down the price and leave recordings for a few cents, and I'm pleased to announce that six percent of the goal in only eight hours.
Thank you.   Tom Rio: So May all these samples of, let's say 10,000 people, can you say who is healthy and who doesn't?
What would you get from these shows?
Max Little: Yeah, yeah. What happens is that during the so-called you have to indicate whether or not you have the disease. TR: Yeah.
MM: You know, some people may not pass it. You may not finish it.
But we're going to get a very large sample of collected data in different circumstances, and do it in different circumstances, it's important because we're looking for the consumer factors to search for the actual markers of the disease.
TR: Do you have 86 percent accuracy at this point?
MM: A lot more than that.
Actually, my Think Thailand, I have to publish it, has done a fantastic job, and now it has shown that it works on the mobile phone network too, which holds the project. We now have 99 percent accuracy now.
TR: Nonetheless and nine. Well, it's a improvement.
MM: Absolutely.
TR: Thank you. Max Little, public.
MM: Thank you, Tom Tom.
Before March 2011, I was doing photographic portraits in New York City.
We are pale creatures, gray creatures.
We hide in the dark, in rooms without windows and, usually we avoid solar light.
We make the thin models still more delivery, the perfect skin, even more perfect we do the impossible thing, possibly possible, and they criticize us in the press all the time, but some of us are really artists with talent with many years of experience and photography.
On March 11, 2011, I saw from my house, just like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happen in Japan.
A little time later, an organization where it was voluntary -- there Hans Volunders, there was in the place working as part of the response team.
And I was together with hundreds of other volunteers we knew we couldn't stay at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
The 13th of May, traveled to Obama.
It's a small fishing village located on almost 50,000 people, in the pressure of almost 50,000 people, one of the first villages affected by the ocean.
The water level over 24 feet of height and over three miles lands inside.
As you can imagine, the village was developed.
We took shirts from the channels and the ships.
We cleaned schools. We took the slime and we left the house and we left the houses to be regularly refugees.
We take tons and tons of fish -- dead fish and the tons of fish fashion, local factory.
We were empathizing and we loved us.
For weeks, both volunteers like the neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and pictures of photos and cameras and DNA cards.
They all did the same thing.
Put them and bring them down to different places of villages around them.
It wasn't until then I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that people had suffered from.
As they went out of the wave, and to save their lives, they had to abandon absolutely everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I started helping in a village assessment center.
It helped to clean up the communal toilets, the huge banks the huge barriers.
This place turned out to be also the place of the village where the equation center picked the photos.
And there they took them and I had the honor that day would trust me to clean the photos.
This was exciting and inspiring the expression to think beyond the horizon, but it wasn't until translating myself my horizons that something happened.
When I looked at the photos, I found some that had over a hundred years old, some were still in the lab of the lab, I couldn't avoid thinking about how to fix that traits and repair that race and met hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night I walked into Facebook contacted with some of them, and the next morning, the answer was so overwhelming and positive that I knew we had to try.
So we started to report the photos.
This was the first of all.
It wasn't too strangely, but where the water had documented the face of the girl had to fix with a lot of accuracy and delight.
Otherwise, that little girl would not have the same, and that would be as tragic.
By the time of the time, they came up with more photos, and they got more reported, and they needed more reports, so I went back on Facebook and Linda and five days later 80 people were offered to help.
Over two weeks I had 150 weeks to join together.
In Japan, in July, we moved to Riseasa, a neighboring village to northern America.
Once a week we used to use our scanner in the little temporal photographic libraries that had been installed, where people were going to reclaim their pictures.
The time you put them on them is a different story, depending on the course of the photos.
It could be an hour. It could be an hour.
It could be implanted months.
This one was supposed to draw out pretty much by hand using the areas whose color and the areas whose color and detail was not destroyed.
It took a long time.
The water destroyed all of these pictures plunged in salary water, charge bacteria, with algae -- even with oil, all of this together with the step of the time that continues to destroy them by hand was an important part of the project.
We couldn't replace the picture unless it was clean, dry and had been recruited by his owner for his owner.
We had lucky with the hand.
We count with the guide of an extra neighbors.
It's very easy to give the pictures even more damaged.
As Western once said, the leader of my group is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman who brought us these pictures had lucky in relation to photos.
He had started to wipe herself out, but he stopped to realize that he was even more.
I also had doubles.
Without them, the images of their husband and their face would not have been able to reconstruct the images in a single picture of them, we could hit the images in a single photo and replicate the picture.
When I picked up his pictures of his pictures with us.
A few colleagues of his husband found pictures in a fire station between the rubble that they used to be their house, but their colleagues recognized it.
On the day of the tsunami, his husband was the candy of closing the barriers to the ocean.
It had to go inside of the water as the syringes sounded in the water.
Their little kids, not so small now, but their two children were at school, in different schools.
One of them was trapped in the water.
He took a week to find out all his family and know that everybody had survived.
The day he handed his pictures his youngest son 14 years.
For her, despite all this stuff, those pictures were the best gift I could do to look at something that he could not remember from the past day when everything in his life changed or she was destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined up there Hanser Hans hundreds of them helped us clean by hand over 130,000 pictures -- the vast majority --  -- the vast majority came back by their own human.
Over 500 volunteers, over 500 volunteers, they helped us back to 90 families from totally restaurant and reported.
During this time, we really don't spend more than 1,000 in teams and materials, most of them in ink for printer.
We take pictures of it constantly.
A picture is a memory of someone or something, a place, a relationship, someone wanted to.
They are guards of our memories and stories, the last thing we would take us, but the first thing we would go back to look for.
This was about the project, of course, to restore small pieces of humanity, to get back to their connection with the past.
When a picture like this goes back to somebody, it makes a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it.
This project also made a big difference in the life of reports.
Some of them connected to something larger with something larger, using their talent to something that are not thin models of perfect skin.
To finish I'd like to read this email -- I sent it City on the day of Japan after six months.
While I was retreated, I couldn't avoid thinking about people and stories in the images.
One particular in particular, a picture with women in different ages from the grandmother to the small child, gathered around a baby, met me because a similar picture of my family family, my mother, me, and my daughter, and my daughter, and my daughter recently covered.
In the entire world, in all the times our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you. 
He gave us European and amazing inspiration with this picture of a bullet that runs an apple in an exhibition of only one millionth of a second.
But now, 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and look at the world not to a million times and see the world not to a million frames per second.
I present a new kind of photography -- the phone, a new technique -- a new technique that can create videos in slow camera in motion.
And so we can create cameras that you can see after the corners, beyond the line of vision, or see the interior of the body without using X-rays, and they really challenge the idea of camera.
If I take a laser in and I turn it on and on on in a second of a second or it is, in various females to create a package of just a millimeter wide.
And that picture package -- that bullet will travel at the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common bullet than a common bullet than a common bullet than a regular bullet bullet than a regular bullet bullet than a regular bullet bullet than a regular bullet bullet than a regular bullet.
If we take that bullet and this pack of photons and we shoot in this bottle, and we shoot in this bottle, how do those photons spread inside this bottle?
What's the aspect of light in slow camera?
Now, all of this --   remember, that all of this happens effectively in less than a negotiation is what takes to travel light.
But this video is 10 billion times slower to be able to see light in motion.
Coca-Cola didn't apply this research.  They happen a lot of things in this movie -- to be able to get this information to show what's going on.
The pulse, our bullet goes into the bottle with a photo of photons that starts to go through it, and inside, it starts to disappear.
Part of the light goes down, goes to the table, goes to the table, and we start to see these discoveries.
Many of the photons finally come to the lid and then explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's an air bubble bubble inside the inside.
At that time, the waves travel on the table, and because of the thinking of the top table, you see at the bottom of the bottle, after various frames that the reflection are focused on.
Now, if we take a common and a correct bullet and we make the same distance, and we can see the same distance and see it in slow to about 10 billion times, how much do you think it would take us sitting to see that film?
One day? A week? A week?
It would be a very boring film --  of a mountain slow in motion.
And how about trying to deal with dead nature?
You can see the waves that are approached from the table, the tomato and the wall.
It's like throwing a stone on a pond.
It's the way nature painted a picture, I thought, of a methane at the same time, but of course, our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look at this shot, you realize that, as the light gets pulled out of the tomato of the tomato -- it goes wrong. It's not dark.
Why? Because the tomato is mature and the bounce light inside and it comes back out after several billions of second.
In the future, when this fermentation is in your mobile phone, you're going to be able to go to the supermarket and check if fruit is mature without having to play it.
Why do we create this camera at MIT, right?
As a photographer, you know, if we take a low photo of exposure, it goes very little light.
But we're going to get a billion times faster than the shortest exposure, so you just get some light.
We sent that ball, that package of photons, and we recorded over and over and over again with a very sad Singapore, we took those data gigabits and we were computer competing to create those feminists that I showed you.
We can take all those data data and process them in a interesting way.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
What if a new power of a future future would allow him to see after the concepts?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door. Rebelling, enter the room, one part of it is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple light books.
It's not science fiction. We have built it.
On the left, there is our female.
Behind the wall, there's a man behind the wall.
After the publication of our article.
And a small fraction of the photons will go back to the camera, but interestingly, slightly different moments.
And as we have a camera that works like that fast, our femities, it has unique capacity.
It has very good temporary resolution and you can look at the world speed at the speed of light.
So we know the distances to the door, and also to the hidden objects, but we don't know what point corresponds to what distance.
When you project a laser, you can record a picture of broken, which, you see on the screen, doesn't really make any sense.
But will we take a lot of images like that, dozens of images, we'll put them together and try to analyze the multiple brains, and with that, we can see the hidden object, and with that, we can see the hidden object?
Can we see it?
This is our recovery.
We have things to explore before we get out of the lab, but in the future, we can create cars that prevent collision with what's going on on the curve.
Or we could search survivors in dangerous conditions looking at light reflected by open windows by the windows open.
Or we could build devices that are able to see the interior of the body strengthening, and the same thing for carbonics.
But of course, because of the tissue and blood this is quite difficult, so actually this is a request to scientists to start thinking about memetics as a new mortality of the health care problems of the next generation.
Just like David Erverital, he himself as a scientist, became the art science in art, an art of properly clean photographs.
I realized that every data gigabits that we collected are not only just for scientific visualization, but we can.
Create a new form of computational photography with slow cameras and color code.
And let's look at those waves -- remember, the time between each of those waves is just a few trillion second millimeters.
But here's a funny thing here.
If you look at the waves underneath the speaker, these are coming away from us.
The waves should move towards us.
What happens here?
It turns out, as we are recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects. A Einstein would have loved to see this image.
The order that events happen in the world sometimes appears invested in the camera.
By applying the corresponding information of space and time, we can correct this distortion of space.
That's time. Thank you.
Hello. This is my mobile phone.
A cell can change life, and it gives you individual freedom.
With a mobile cell you can photograph a crime against humanity.
With a mobile phone, you can take a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a mobile phone, you can record a song to get it to London and make it famous.
This is all possible with a mobile.
I'm a 1915 chicken and I live in the city of Berlin City.
Let's go back to that moment, to this city.
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people protest in search for change.
This is the fall of 1989. Imagine if all these people met that they protest in pursuit of a change, they had a cell phone in the pocket.
Who from the present have a cell here?
Get them up.
Raise your mobile phones, let them release."
Let them sell. And an Android Bellow Bellow."
It's a lot. Almost all of them today.
But today I'm going to talk about me, my cellphone, and how life changed.
I'm going to talk about this.
These are 35 500 lines of information.
Browning data.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the E.U. Commission was presented by a direction.
Detail Research Director.
This direction says that every European telephone company, every single province of the entire Europe, all of it has to store a wide range of information in the users of the users.
Who calls who, who sends an email to who, who sends an email to it.
Who sends a text to it.
And if we use the cellphone, where we are.
This whole information is stored for at least six months, and even two years old, in his phone company or their Internet.
And all over Europe, people were planted and said, "We don't want this."
They said they didn't want this data of data.
We want the exchange in the digital age, and we don't want the phone and the Internet providers to store all this information about us.
There were lawyers, journalists, priests all said, "We don't want this."
And here you can see about 10,000 people who came out to the streets of Berlin and said, "beauty, not fear."
And some even said this would be the 2.0 Stage.
The Essex was the secret police of Eastern Germany.
And I also wondered whether this really works.
Can you store all this information about us?
Every time I use the mobile mobile?
So I asked my phone Delhi, December Telescope, who at that time was the largest phone company in Germany, who please send me all the information you have on me.
I asked them once, and I went back to it, and I didn't get a concrete answer. It was all blah, blah, blah blah blah.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you are protecting my life.
So I decided to start with a justice demand because I wanted to have this information.
But Dead Telescope said no, we won't give this information.
At the end, we signed up an agreement.
I would remove the demand, and they send me the information that I asked.
Meanwhile, the German constitutional Court failed the instance for the German law in the E.U.
So I received this ugly about brown with a CD inside.
And there was this.
It translates and five thousand dollars of information lines of information.
I first saw them and I said, "Well, it's a huge file. Okay.
But after a while, I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this file.
It was a bit specialist, what should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I spend the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what data means.
So next to Zealand Einstein and Open Data City, we did this.
This is a six months of my life.
You can zoom out and you go back, go back and forward.
You can see every step I do.
And you can see how I go from Franklin in the Collins to Colombia, and how often I call the train.
All of this is possible with this information.
That gives a little scary.
But it's not just about me.
But all of us.
First, there are things like I call my wife and she calls me a couple of times.
Then they call me some friends and they call me among them.
And then you call the other, and the other one to each other, and we end up with this great communications network.
You can see how their people communicate with each other to each other what time they call each other, what time they sleep.
You can see this whole thing.
You can see the centers, the group leaders.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society is doing.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who talks to who, who talks to who an email to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and even two years.
As I said at first, imagine if all these people on the streets in Berlin streets, in the fall of 1989, they had a mobile phone in the pocket.
And the Stone would have known who involved in this protest, and, if the Essex had known who were the leaders, this would never have happened.
The fall of the Berlin Wall may never have happened.
And as a result, it's not the fall of the iron.
Because today, state agencies and companies want to store as much information of us as possible in and outside the web.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and they want to store them forever.
But radiation and living in the digital age is not a contradiction.
But today you have to fight for the authority.
You have to fight for that every day.
When you go home to your friends that privacy is a 21st century, privacy is a 21st century value.
When they go home, they tell their representatives that only because businesses and state agencies can store some information, they don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information stored from you.
So in the future, every time you use your mobile phones to remind you to remember that they have to fight exchange in the digital age.
Thank you.
Hello, HIV the whole?
It's not enough.
Hello, HIV the whole?
I call me Maslow Zay and I'm not a border, but I know the doctor that brought me to the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions, and scaling the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have cerebral palsy, so I shake all the time.
Have a look.
It's added. I'm like a Shakespeare mix of Shakespeare.
And Muhammad A.
The P. C. It's not genetics.
It's not conceptualized and can be controlled.
None of my mother's uterus and I didn't catch it because my parents were cousins, although they are.
It just happens by accidents, like the one that happened to me.
Now, I will warn you, I'm not a source of inspiration -- I don't want any of them.
It feels bad for me, because at some point of life, they have wanted to be disabled.
Let's go of walk.
Christmas visitors, are you in the shopping center, drive in circles for parking parking and what you see?
16 different empty places.
And they think, "God, I can be at least a little disability standing?
In addition, I tell you, I have 99 problems, and Dr. C. It's just one of them.
So there is a supply of opportunity, I would win the gold medal.
I'm a Palestinian Palestinian, Muslim, woman, disabled and alive in New Jersey.
If they don't feel better, maybe they should.
I'm from Park Clinically, in New Jersey.
I always loved my neighborhood and my disease had the same principles.
I also love that if I want to walk from my home to New York, I could.
Many people with brain paralysis don't walk, but my parents don't believe in the "Not can."
My father's mantra was, "You know, "You can do it -- dancing cancer."
If my three older sisters clean up, I cleaned.
If my three older sisters went to public school, my parents pointed to the school system and they made sure that I was sure to be, and if we didn't know the maximum note all of my mother's shoes.
My father taught me to walk at the age of five, putting my heel on my feet and just walking down.
Another tactics that I used to use was to hang out a dollar in front of me for it.
The stethoscope that I carry in was very strong and ...
Yeah. The first day in the kindergarten of the kindergarten that has received a lot of shops that have received a lot of shops.
Growing up, there were only six Arabs in my city and they were all of the family.
Now there are 20 Arabic, and they're still all of the family.  I think nobody realized that we were not Atlantic.
This was before 9/11, and the politicians were going to think about fitting appropriate to "Muslims as well as "Common law.
People who grew up had no problem with my faith.
However, it seemed to worry about worrying about hunger during the radio.
And I told them that I had enough fat to live three months with no eating, so going from the dawn to the addition is very easy.
Ball shoe in Broadway in Broadway.
Yes, in Broadway, it's crazy.  My parents couldn't afford physical therapy, so they sent me to dance school.
I learned to dance with tactics, I can walk with tactics.
I'm from New Jersey, and there we want to be a kid, so if my friends used to use tails, I too.
And when my friends were going to pass the summer vacation on the coast of Jersey coast, I didn't go.
I spent my summers in a war zone, because my parents feared that if we didn't go back to Palestine every summer, we would become Monterey.
In the summer vacation of summer often, my father was often subjecting, so I drank milk legal chains on the back, and I was successfully immersed in the dead Sea, and I remember the water burned my eyes and I thought, "It works."
But the miracle cure was the yoga.
I have to say it's very boring, but before doing yoga was a standard command that I couldn't stand on the foot ..."
And I can now hold it in your head.
My parents reported this idea that I could do anything, that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be at General Hospital.
I went to college through the university through positive discrimination, and I got a scholarship for the U.S. State University State University because it was in all of the cars.
It was like the pets.
Everybody loved me.
I did all the tasks of the least smart, I took the maximum note in my classes and also in their classrooms.
Every time I did a scene from the crystal click my teachers were crying.
But I never got a role.
Finally, in my last year, the USA decided to do a work called Balleto very slow in Jackson.
It's a piece of a girl with brain palsy, with brain paralysis.
I was a kid with brain palsy, and I was a cerebral girl.
So I started screaming on the four winds, and I started to have a paper.
I have brain paralysis."
At the end of the fire? At the end of the end."
Thank God powerful, at the end I'm free."
I didn't get the paper.  You gave it to Sierra Brown --  -- they gave it to Shermer Brown ...
I went to increase the director of the theater department of theater, crying historically as if someone had killed my cat, to ask them why and she was telling me why and she said that because they believed that I couldn't do the risk scenes.
And I said, "I discover, if I can't do risk stunts -- can't be the character."
It was a role that I literally had born, and they gave it to an actor without brain paralysis.
College was imitating my life.
Hollywood has a rare history of adding actors without disability for disabled papers.
By graduation, I went home, I went home, and my first act was a strange tour on a television.
My dream became reality.
And I knew it would be a little bit of "a "guys who would be a lost friend in a sanction.
Instead, I was there as a garden, and I didn't look more than the nuct, and it was obvious to me for me that rotation directors don't hire addictive antibiotics, not white, with disability.
They only hire perfect people.
But there was exceptions to the rule.
I grew up watching Whoom Golden, Ressienal Barria, Ellen, and all these women had one thing in common: they were ending.
So I became humanistic.
In my first tour, I took famous New York City famous comics to New York City to New Jersey, and I would never forget the face of the first comics that I took when I fell in the realize that I was high speed by the New Jersey heartbeat.
I worked in clubs all over America, and also in Arabic, in the Middle East, without censorship and without selling.
Some people say I'm the first modification in the Arab world.
I never like to make the first place, but I know they never heard that little demonstration button that says women are not fun, and they find us very fun.
In 2003, my mother from another mother and father, Dean Obviologist, and I launched the New York City Festival Festival in New York 10 now.
Our goal was to change the negative image of Americans in the media, and the time to remind the and the preparation guidelines that sweat and Arabic are not synonymous as well.
Intrighted to the Arab was much easier than fighting the challenge of the stigma of disability.
My great opportunity came in in 2010.
I was invited to the news program of cable news with Keith Obama.
I came up as if I was to a graduate dance dance, and they sat in a study and sat in a wheelchair.
I looked at the director and I said, "Let me give you another silk?
She looked at me and said, "Finally, four, three, three, two.
And we were live.
So I would cling to the spirit of the presentation to not get out of the screen during the segment and when I ended the interview, and when I ended the interview, I was played.
At the end, I had my opportunity and development. I knew they wouldn't go back to me.
But not just Mr. Obama came back to me, but I was a full-time partner and I pasted my chair.
So some fun that I learned in the direct with Keith Olden was that people on the Internet are speech.
It's said that kids are criticism, but they never miss me or the girl or the elderly.
Suddenly, my Internet disability became a boring object.
I saw clips online with comments like, "Why dominant?
"Is it based?
And my favorite favorite, "Poor bulb.
What disease does it have?
We really ought to be out of it."
A comment suggested even to add my disability to my cure, button, end, paralyzed.
Disability is as visual as the race.
If someone in a wheelchair can not make Bell, then Belinda can't make someone in a wheelchair.
The disabled ones are -- yeah, clapping. Man, man.
We disabled. We are the largest minority in the world, and the most surrounded in the world of entertainment.
Doctors said not walking, but I'm here in front of you.
However, to have grown to the media, I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and in everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images, that would make it less hate on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need the whole society to teach our children.
My double journey has led me to very spectacular places.
I was going to walk through the red carpet by the Dutch telephone dishes and the College Lord Arabian telephone Radio.
I came to act in a film with Adam Sweden and to work with my gift, the incredible Dave Matthews.
Recorded the world by putting "The Arabs crazy."
I was depressed by the great state of New Jersey state in 2008.
And I founded "The children of Masbacks, a charity organization to give kids refugee a quarter of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me live, and I devote this talk to her memory.
"Do it in peace, caption.
I call me Maslow Zaya, and if I can, you can also can.
I'd like to tell you a story about a small village of a small town.
I don't know his name, but I know her story.
He lives in a small village south of Somalia.
This town is near Macon.
The droughts drives the little town to the poverty and the edge of the intrication.
Without anything to him there, it goes to the great city, in this case, in this case, McDonald, the capital of Somalia.
When it comes there, there are no opportunities -- there's no work, no work perspective.
He ended up living in a tent in the city outside of McDonald.
After maybe a current year, nothing.
One day it is about a gentleman that offers it to him to lunch, then to dinner, to breakfast.
He knows a dynamic group of people, he gives him a disaster.
It gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes, money to send home to your family, your family.
They present a young guy.
It's finally home.
It starts a new life.
It has a life goal.
A beautiful day in McDonald's under a blue sky, it bursts a bomb.
That little boy of that little village dream with a suicide terrorist was suicide terrorist, and that dynamic group of people were to the Shahanther, a terrorist organization connected with the Qaeda.
So how do the story of a little village in a little village trying to fulfill their dreams in the city end with him in the city with him in it?
He was waiting.
I was waiting for an opportunity, hoping to start his future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing he arrived.
This was the first thing that came from what we call "waited "Persistence."
And his story is repeated in urban centers around the world.
It is the story of the marketing, young urban young urban riots in Johnson, design riots in London, who look something beyond the "distinction period."
For young people, the promise of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity, of jobs, of well-being, but young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth that suffer from the highest rates of unemployment.
By 2030, three in five people who live in cities will be under 18 years.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities, the story of waiting for the sperm of waiting for them to access to terrorism.
And in my hometown, McDonald, 70 percent of young people are unemployed.
70 percent don't work, don't go to school.
They don't do anything.
I went back to McDonald last month, and I went to visit the Massac Hospital -- the hospital where I was born.
Do I remember to be in the front hospital, thinking, and if I never had gone?
What if I had been forced to be in that same period of waiting for waiting for me."
Would I have become a terrorist terrorist?
I'm not really sure the answer.
The reason I was in McDonald that month was actually to fit some juvenile leaders in a corporate cumbing.
It goes to about 90 Somali juvenile leaders.
We sat and we had a rain of ideas about solutions to the big challenges facing the city.
One of the young people in the room was Jersey.
He went to the University of Macon, he graduated.
There was no job, no opportunity.
I remember when he told me, because he was a graduate university, unfortunately, frustrated, was the perfect white white -- to Al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited recognized.
They were looking for people like it.
But this story takes a different path.
In Mostha, the biggest obstacle to get the point A to B is the streets.
Virginism years of civil war have completely destroyed the system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to move.
And they saw an opportunity and applied.
He started a motorcycle company.
It started algorithmic by algorithmic residents who normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 motors, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some point expanding hundreds of engines over the next three years.
Why is this story?
What does this different story do?
I think the ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the corporate spirit -- and I think the corporate spirit can be the most powerful tool against sperm person."
I failed young people to be the creators of the economic opportunities that are looking for so desperately.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings, Momma Molday, a Florida.
I was helping to train some of the young people in the summit of business and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of corporate initiative.
In fact, it's the first flower that McDonald's has seen in over 22 years, and until recently, until Mohamed arrived, if you wanted flowers for your wedding.
If you ask someone, "When was it the last time you saw frozen flowers.
For those who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be.
So, Mohamed saw an opportunity.
It started a company of landscape and floral design.
He created a farm outside of the outskirts of McDonald's outside, and he started growing the little tubes that he said, you could survive the divers of Mozamba.
And it started the delivery of flowers for wedding floors, creating gardens in the houses, and the city companies are now working on the creation of the first public park, in Madagasksman in 22 years.
There are no public parks in McDonald.
It wants to create a space where families, young people, can go together, and as he says, smell the proverbial ratios.
By the way, he doesn't grow pink because they use a lot of water.
So the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, the Monday presence had a really profound impact in young people.
They had never thought about starting a business.
They had thought to work for an NGOs, working for government, but their story, their innovation, really had a strong impact on them.
He forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
I encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs, which could be artists of change.
By the end of the day, they already had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city.
They identified business solutions for local problems.
So inspiring young people and creating a corporate spirit culture is really a big step, but young people need capital to do their ideas to make their ideas.
They need expertise and guidance to guide them in development and put it into their business.
They connect young people with the resources that they need, raise the support they need to move from conception to creation, and create catalyst for urban growth.
For me, business spirit is something else to start a business.
It's creating a social impact.
Mohamed is not simply selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
His Peace Park, this is how it calls it, when it's created, to transform the way people see their city.
So they came out of the street kids to help rent rent and keep the motors for him.
I gave them a chance to escape the paralysis of waiting."
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact in their cities.
So my suggestion is: convert young to entrepreneurs and include and feed their inherent innovation, and you'll have more stories about flowers and Parkinson's Parkins than bushes and spending species."
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went to camping with my dad on the mountains Adrian, an area right north of New York State.
It was a beautiful day.
The forest.
The sun made that the leaves would shine like a virtual, and not to be the way we follow, almost we could pretend that we were the first human beings to go to that land.
We arrived at our camp.
It was a shed in a record with seen to a beautiful lake glass when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the coverage, there was a back of the coverage of about four square feet with apple heads with apple piles with aluminum ball balls and old.
And I was analyzed, I was very angry and incredibly confused.
The caps that were too lazy to get out what they had brought out what they had brought their garbage barrel?
That question kept with me, and it's just a little bit simplified that question.
Who clean our based?
No matter how they organize or where they are out, who clean our trash into States?"
Who clean our trash in Rio or in Paris or in London.
Here in New York, the Side Department clean Department of Chains clean up by 11,000 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recyclable every day.
I wanted to know how individuals.
I wanted to understand who does that work.
What does it feel like to use the uniform and bring that charge?
So I started a research project with them.
And I traveled in the trucks and walked through his train and interviewed people in offices and interviewed people in offices and facilities across the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an intrinsic.
I needed to get more and more.
So I started working as a garbage collection.
Now I didn't just travel in the trucks. I did drive.
And I operated the mechanical hidden and the snow board.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
Everybody questions about the smell.
It's there, but it's not as predictable as you believe, and in the days that it's very strong to be used quickly.
It costs a lot to be used to weight.
I met people who had worked in it for several years and their bodies continue to adjust to the weight of their tons all week.
It's also the danger.
According to the World statistical Office with the recovery of the resident of the ten most dangerous occupation, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and getting in the traffic all day and pass you up around you.
They only want to happen, so generally the driver is not paying attention.
That's really bad for the worker.
And also the garbage itself is full of dangerous that often they fall out of the truck, and they cause terrible damage.
And I also learned about what the improvisation of garbage.
When you get out of the edge and you see a city from the back of the truck, you can understand that garbage is like a force force itself.
He never stopped coming.
It's also like a form of breathing or and a circulation.
It should always be in motion.
And there's also the stigma.
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic because I think the waste collection is the most important workforce in the streets of the city for three reasons.
They're the first producers of public health.
If you don't get rid of the waste of efficient and effective, every day, this starts to be reduced from their continents and their dangers are threatened in very real ways.
diseases that we had controlled for decades and centuries that we had controlled for decades and start to give us them.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old, we don't have space for what the economy engines start to fail when it is in danger.
I'm not advocating for capitalism, just points out of it.
And then there's what I call our average speed rate.
And I mean simply at the speed of the speed that we used to move in the contemporary time.
We usually don't worry about we -- we don't repair, or we carry with us our coffee cup of coffee, our brown balls, our water bottle.
We use them, we throw them out, we forget them from them, because we know that there's a work force on the other side than it will come to it.
So today I want to suggest a couple of ways of thinking about the collection of waste that maybe help reduce the stigma and find them in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
Your work, I think, is almost little little merely.
They are in the street every day, in the room.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when you expect them.
And their work allows us to do our work.
They're almost a form of alien.
The flow that keeps us from ourselves, from our own waste, from our own waste, our heads, and that flow should always stay in one way or another.
One day after September 11, 2001, I heard the gravity of a waste collection truck on the street, I would grab my little son and put the stairs running down, and there was a man doing his paper recycling track and there was all the microphones in doing his pick of the microphones.
And I tried to thank you to do his work that day in particular day but began to cry.
And he looked at me, and he just looked at me, and he said, "We're going to be fine.
We're going to be right."
Shortly after that, I began to investigate the resistance of waste collection and went back to that man.
It's called Paul, and we worked together and we did good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be fine.
But in our efforts to reflect the way we exist on this planet as we exist on this planet as we have to include and have all the costs, even the very real human cost of labor.
municipal waste, what we think when we talk about garbage -- represent three percent of the amount of waste in the nation.
It's remarkable statistics.
So in the flow of your days and your life, the next one you see someone who work is to clean the garbage out of you, take a moment to recognize them.
Take a moment to say thank you.
My work focuses on the connection of thinking about our community life by making part of the environment where architecture is naturally born from the environment and local tradition.
Today I brought two recent projects like this.
Both projects are located in the emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that different analysis from different perspectives from different perspectives become an essential part of the final work.
The first example started with an invitation to design a commercial center from several stories in the capital of Ethiopia, Addis Abus.
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example, and my team and I, about what we had to design.
At the beginning, the first thing I thought was, "I want to go out."
After seeing some of these buildings there are many of these buildings in the city we realize that there are three important aspects to remove.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Second, you need to use a lot of energy because the glass region generates heat in the interior, so you need a lot of competition.
In a city where this shouldn't happen because this is a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees all over the year.
And third, your aspect has nothing to do with Africa and it has nothing to do with Africa.
It's a pinnacle of a place so rich in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, I was really captured with the ancient market, which is this structure in the air.
There is also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that's what I really wanted to design, not a commercial center.
But the question was how to build a building modern from various floors, applying these principles.
The next challenge was going to be inspired by the site, which is located in a lot of growth zone, which is located in a lot of the buildings that we now see in the image, they didn't exist.
And it's between two parallel streets that don't communicate in an extension of hundreds of feet.
So the first thing we did was to create a connection between these two streets, bringing all the inputs in the building.
And this is spread with an unknown body space, which creates the air space in the building that is automatically, in its own way, the sun and the rain.
And around this space, we've applied the idea of the market with small businesses, which changes in every floor because of the shape of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that would respond to local climate conditions.
And I got to think of a similar tissue to an ant capability with performances to allow the input input and also from light, but in a filter way.
Then we inspired ourselves in these beautiful buttons of Ethiopian toronts.
They have properties of the fractal geometry and this helped me to model the facade, and it helped me model.
We're building that with these little ready-made pieces that are the windows that let pass the air and light in a controlled way inside the building.
This is completed with these little colored crystals that use the light inside of the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas, it wasn't easy to convince developers because they thought, "That's not a commercial center -- not what we asked."
But ultimately, we all realized that this idea of the market turned out to be much more profitable than the business center because in the end there were more local people to sell to sell.
And also the idea of the facade was a lot more economic -- not only because of the material compared to the glass, but because it wasn't necessary anymore.
So we get certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve energy assistance for the building in a city where electricity cuts almost every day.
So we got a big advantage putting photosynthesis on the roof.
And then under those panels we think of the roof as a new public space with areas of meeting and bars that would create this urban oasis.
And these pieces on the roof, which in conjunction collect water for the health ones.
You wait for principles next year, because we're going through the fifth floor of the building.
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia.
And to do a project so large, the biggest project that I ever designed, needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia, but also their environment, their tradition and culture.
During that analysis, I put special attention in the middle, a thousand years of anti-profit structure that was surrounded by a wall with two content doors connected by almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation we did was extend the streets of existing streets, creating 12 similar blocks similar in size and other cities in Barack and other cities in Europe with these pathogens.
In addition to that, we select some strategic points in relation to the idea of interconnected doors with straight lines, and this modified the initial model.
And the last operation was to think of cells, the little cell of the project -- like apartment, as an essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would the best orientation be for an apartment in the Mediterranean climate around?
And it's normal, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house, and therefore a natural ventilation.
So we overcome a scheme that make sure most apartments are perfectly chosen in that direction.
And this is the result that's almost like a combination of European block and Arab city.
It has these blocks with pathogens, and then on the low plant we have all the connections for pedestrians for pedestrians for pedestrians on it.
And it also responds to local norms that establish greater density in the upper levels and a lower density on the bottom plant.
And it also reinforces this idea of doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project is almost how to deliver the community by busy space occupied by the building.
It's where all neighbors can go up and solved, and solving and making activities such as running a miles in the morning, or jumping from one building to another kilometer in the morning, or jumping from one building.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's lives changes and local economies at the same rate that they grow the buildings.
So for this reason, I see even more important to look for architecture looking for simple solutions, but affordable, that the relationship between community and the environment, and they have as a goal to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new child joined our class. It was so remarkable, as you see all the new girls.
I had a huge amount of hair, very bright hair, and a little single penis standard, little standards, for the capital of states, very good at organization.
And I ended that year and I was full of jealousy, until I brought my plan to my plan.
One day I had a time after the school left out of school. It was a little bit late and hidden in the bathroom.
When the cost was surrounded, I walked out in the classroom, I took from my teacher the book of the talking book.
And then, I did.
I alter the ratings of my rival ridiculous, just a little bit.
All of the like this.  And I was willing to bring the book to the box, but to see, some of my other colleagues had very good notes as well.
So in a screen, I ran the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put all of them up to me and I put myself a row of the Ladies and myself just to be there, because I could.
I was still surprised by what I did.
I don't understand how this idea.
I don't understand why I felt good doing it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why they never caught me.
It's that everything that was completely obvious.
They never found me.
But most of all, I tell me the reason why I was bothered that this little little girl, it was so good for organization.
I was intrigued by cells.
They're so mysterious and so presenting.
We know that babies suffer from cells.
Also primates, boundaries are very property.
We know that cells are the number one cause of HIV subset in the United States.
And yet I've never seen a study that analyzes the loneliness or long duration or the sadness.
And so you have to go to the fiction, because the novels are like the lab where the cells are studied in all of their possible shapes.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there was no cells, I would have no literature.
Well, there would be no Hellowing Hello, there would be no Odious."
There would be no close cloud, or "The thousand and a night and a night.
There would be no Shakespeare.
They would disappear the reading list of the high school lessons because we would be losing "The noises and the Fortune: there would be no "Gates or "The Founder: we will lose "Manual Boonian and "And Andrew K."
Without jealousy, there's no Project. I know it's fashionable to say that Proust has the answers for everything, almost that they have all of them.
This year you get 100 years of its teacher work, "In search of lost, the most exhaustive study of the sex cells, and also the ordinary computing of ordinary communication, me, all we could have.  And thinking of Project, we have the mental details -- right?
We think of a child trying to reconcile sleep.
So we think of a humping magazine in you.
We forget about how hard that image.
We forget about how important it is.
I mean, it's about books that Virginia Woodoo said they were as hard as a cat.
I don't know how the cat trick is, but we assume it is surprise.
Let's see why they're so well together, the novel and the cells, the cells and Projects.
It's going to be very obvious like the cells, which are reduced to the person, to their wish, to their impacts, are a good narrative base?
I don't know. I think we get very close to bone, when we think about what happens when we feel cells.
When we feel cells, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people's lives, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel bad.
Being at the same time and an audience, we know exactly what details will include -- to raise the screen, right?
The cells make us all of a amateur novels, and that's something that Provide understood.
Everything that she does to me pleasure could empower another, maybe right now."
And it starts to tell itself that story, and since then, Proud is saying that every single thing that Sway says that Santa detects in her lover collection of torture in her private chamber.
You have to admit that Swand and Proton, were notoriously class.
You know, the Protector soldiers would have to leave the country, if they wanted to break with him.
But you don't have to be so clear to recognize that it's a tough job. Right?
The cells are adolescent.
It's a hungry emotion. You have to feed it.
And how are the cells?
The cells are not number of information.
The cells use the details.
The cells like the large amounts of bright hair and the cute and small station of penis.
The cells are nutrients.
That's why Instagram is so successful.   Provide links well the language accident with the cells.
When Sways is on his rut, suddenly listening to the gates and bribe to the services of his lover, then defend those behaviors.
He says, "Look, I know that you think this is replaced, but it's not different to the interpretation of an ancient text or to look at a monkey."
He says, "They're scientific research with real intellectual value.
Proton is trying to show that the cells are interestingly, and they make us seem absurd, but in their means, they're search for the truth, a painful truth, in fact, to what the truth is, the more painful truth -- in fact, to what the more pain is the truth, the better.
Pain -- the humiliation, the losses, the loss -- these were the pathways to the wisdom of Proton.
He says, "A woman who needs to need, which makes us suffer in us a lot more profound feelings and vital men than a wise man who can be interested in it."
Is it telling us that we're going to look for cruel women are critical women.
No. I think it's trying to tell us that cells reveal ourselves.
And there is some other excitement that makes us open up in this particular way?
Is there any other emotion reveals us organization, our horrible ambition and our rights and our rights?
Any other excitement that teaches us to look at intensity so perpetual?
Freud writing about this later.
One day, Freud was visited by a young young young who was consumed with the idea that her woman was fooled.
And Freud says there was something weird in that man, who didn't look at what his wife did.
Because she was innocent -- everybody knew it.
The poor creature was under without any cause.
But he was looking for things that did his wife, without realizing -- involuntary behaviors.
So much smile, or does it accidentally be rice with a man?
Freud says that man was becoming the height of his wife.
The novels are very good at this.
Now novels describe very well how cells make us look at intensity, but without accuracy.
In fact, the more intensely cells we are, the more we become the residents of the fantasy.
And for this reason, I think, the cells take us to make violent act.
The cells drive us to behave in totally unimaginable ways.
Now I'm thinking of myself at the age of eight years, I recognize it, but I'm also thinking about this story that I heard in the news.
A woman from Michael 52 years old was captured for having created a false account on Facebook since he was sent messages and horrible messages to himself, for a year.
For a year, a whole year.
She was trying to include the new girlfriend of her example, I have to confess that when or this, they react with admiration when or this.
Because, let's be realistic.
How big, though unfortunately, creativity. Right? Right?
It's like novel.
Like a novel of Patient Hispanic.
Higgito is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character of American literature.
It's the author of "The "Story on a Train and "The Talk Mr. Rolland: books that are trying to do the cells, and once we are in the sphere, in the realm of the cells, the membrane of the jealousy, the membrane that separates what it might be, can be punched in an instant.
Let's take Tom Rolling, his most famous character.
Tom Rolla is going to be wanting to be wanting what you have to take away from your self and you have to push out of what you ever had, and it's under the floor, and it's under the floor, and it's under your name, it takes your rings, it goes empty your bank candidates.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take the route of Tom Rollaton.
I can't give you the whole world, as much as I sometimes want.
It's a shame, because we live in times of envy.
We live in time.
I mean, we're good citizens of social networks, where the coin is the envy of the school? Right?
The novels show you the story? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what characters always do when they're not sure, when they're at a mystery.
Let's go to the 212th of Baker Barack, and we ask for Shellor Hollywood.
When people think about Hollywood, they think of the mathematical partnership in Professor Moranto, that criminal genius.
But I've always preferred to the Message Institute, the Listen Character head of Rail Yarnd rate that needs Hospital desperately needs the Hollywood genius, but it bothers it.
Oh, it sounds so familiar to me.
Lester needs your help, but it goes down, and bubble with bitterness, in each of the mysteries of the mysteries of the mysteries in the eye.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and finally, in "The Advent of the Six National Against," once the Hollywood in the Sixteen Naharas, once he goes in, he goes to Hollywood and he says, "We're not jealous to Mr. Hollywood.
We're proud of you."
And he tells him that there is no person in Scott San who would not want to hold her hand.
It's one of the few times we see Hollywood transparent in history. I think this is very emotional. Right?
It seems to treat the cells as a geometry problem, without emotion.
You know, in a minute Homa is the opposite side of Lesterland.
The next minute they are the same side.
Suddenly, Lesterland allows you to admire that idea of being the rest.
Could it still be so simple.
What if the cells really are a matter of geometry, just a question of where we allow ourselves to be in relation to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to look at each other's excellence.
We can stick with her.
But I like plans to continue.
So while we wait for that happens, we remember that we have the fiction to get us in.
Just the fiction decided the cells.
The fiction used the domestics, the discovery of the table.
And look at what agenda, the Designer Deliver, the labor Tom Rollator, the crazy Swarman, the next Marcel Project.
We're in great company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21, 1969, Buzz Alepartan jumped outside of the Apollo 11th Moon Albertical modules and disappeared on the Aral of Talk.
Armstrong and Alexander were alone, but their presence in the surface surface was the culmination of a collective process.
The Apollo program.
To get to the moon, NASA spent about 180 billion dollars of today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave a work to about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
They died people, including the crew of Apollo 1.
But before the Apollo program, 24 men traveled to the Moon.
He was walking on their surface, which is the street of Alberto after the Dradmat death last year, is now the oldest one.
So why did they go?
They didn't take a lot of the back of it, 382 pounds of old rocks -- and something that 24 percent of them will feed afterwards, a new sense of the small and fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The cynical answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to show the Soviets that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kennedy at the University of Rice in 1962, give us a better idea.
John F. Kennedy -- Kennedy a few questions, why the Moon?
Why will it turn to our goal?
And they could also ask, why would I scale the highest mountain scale?
Thirty-five years ago, why flying over the Atlantic to Atlantic?"
Why play Rice against Texas against textbooks?
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're difficult.
Jason Pollan: For the contemporary, the Apollo wasn't just a victory of the West on the East in the Cold War.
At the time, the stronger emotion was to marvel to the transparency of the powers of technology.
It was because it was great to do it.
The moon in the moon was happening in a context of a long list of technological success.
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the plane, the penicillin, and the vaccine for tuberculosis.
In the middle of the century, the pollen is eradicated and eliminated smallpox.
Technology seemed to be able to get what Alvin Toxth in 1970, called a acceleration force.
During most of the history of humanity, we couldn't go faster than a horse or a sheet, but in 1969, the Apollo 10th square crew -- 10 miles or so.
Since 1970, no human being used to the Moon.
No one has traveled faster than the 10th century, and the joy of optimism about the power of technology has evaporated by seeing that problems that we imagine that technology will solve to Mars, create clean energy, cure cancer, or feeding the world population seems to have intractable outcome.
I remember looking at the Apollo 17.
I was five years old, and my mother told me he doesn't look at the slide tube called the Saturn Vietnam.
And I knew that this would be the last standard mission, but I was completely sure I was going to see the colonies on Mars.
So that one thing about our ability to solve problems with technology has become a common place.
We heard it all the time.
We've heard it for the last two days here, at TED.
It seems like technologists would have distributed us and they have been enriched with trivial toys, things like iPhone, apps and social networks, or algorithms and algorithms that accelerate the automated sales sale.
There's nothing wrong with most of these things.
They've expanded and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There's a parallel explanation in Silicon Valley, which is that that you have created less ambitious companies than those of the years in which they finance internal, Microsoft, Apple and Gene.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the cultivations, the incentives that venture capitalist.
Silicon Valley says that the risk investment is changing the creation of the creation of transformations for incremental problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It explains mostly what goes wrong in Silicon Valley.
Even when the risk capitalists were at their point without worrying about risk, they preferred small investment, income investments that they could go out in 10 years.
The C.R. always had trouble investing with benefit in technologies like energy, which they need a huge capital and what development is in the long term. They have never been invested in developing technologies in intended technologies because they don't have an immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons why we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and profound problems.
Sometimes we choose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted to.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular, and that will never happen.
Let's not go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes we can't solve the big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of global energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like solar energy and wind and biodiversity. Less than two percent, and reason is completely cheap.
Carbon and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind energy, and oil is cheaper than the biotax.
We want alternative energy sources that can compete in price -- don't exist.
Now, the technologies and entrepreneurs and economists agree on what policies and international treaties are going to increase the development of an alternative energy, mostly a significant increase in research and energy development, and some kind of control of the carbon price of the coal.
But there is no hope in the political climate that we're going to see an energy policy from the U.S. or international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes the big problems that seem to look like technology, it will not be.
We know from time that famines are result of failure in food path.
But 30 years of research has taught us that famines are political crisis that affect the distribution of food.
Technology can improve things like harvest or systems for storage and food processing, but there will be a famines while there are bad governments.
Finally, big problems sometimes evolve a solution because we don't understand the problem.
President Nixon declared the cancer war in 1971, but soon we discover that there are many kinds of cancer, some terrible resistant of the treatment, and only in the last 10 years they seem to have found effective and viable treatments.
Hard problems are difficult.
It's not true that we can't solve problems with technology.
We can and we must be, but these four elements have to be present, the political leaders and the population and the population must want to solve the problem -- institutions must support the solution -- should actually treat the solution, and we need to understand it.
The Apollo mission, which has become something like a metaphor for the ability for the technology of technology to solve big problems, with those criteria.
But it's a marketing model in the future.
We're not in 1968.
There is no galaxy that there is a galaxy like in the Cold War, there's no policy like John Kennedy and the dangerous stuff, and there's no popular science fiction like to explore the solar system.
In general, going to the moon turned out to be simple.
I was only three days.
And really, it wasn't even solving any problem.
We're alone in our present, and the solutions of the future will be harder to get.
God knows that we don't miss the challenges.
Thank you very much.
Okay, I'm going to talk about trust trust, and I'm going to start remembering the widespread ideas that you have about trust.
They're so common that they have become climate clicks.
I think it's three.
The first one is a record: there has been a big decline of trust -- it's a very pervasive belief of trust.
The second is a goal, we should have more trust.
And the third is a task: we should recover trust.
I think the recipe, the goal and the goal and the task have been wrong.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a recipe, a goal and a task and a task that I think gives a more clear idea about it.
First of all, why do people think that trust has deforested it?
And if I think about the base of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I even think that it may have reduced in some activities or institutions and that could have increased in some activities or institutions that could have increased in others.
I don't have the clear.
But I can turn to the polls of opinion and opinion polls are supposedly the source of belief that trust trust has deforested.
When you look at the polls of opinion over time, there aren't many evidence of it.
I mean, the people who were decided 20 years ago, mostly journalists and politicians, keep inspiring the same definition.
And the people who were very confident about 20 years ago is still quite confident, judges judges, nurses.
The rest of us are in the middle, and, by the way, the average city of the street is almost exactly halfway halfway halfway in the road is almost exactly halfway halfway in the way.
But is this enough?
What the survival polls are, of course, they are opinions.
What else can you record?
What you see is the generic attitudes that people have when they ask some questions.
Does it trust politicians? Do you trust the teachers?
Now, if someone would ask you, "Do you trust the very very very very very world?
Do you trust the fisheries?
Do you trust the markets of primary?
You probably start by asking, "What do you do?"
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you might say, when you've answered your question, "Well, I trust some of you, but in other no."
It's very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to stop trust differently.
We don't assume that the level of trust that we're going to feel for a certain type of official work, or work or person, it's going to be uniform in all cases.
I could, for example, to say I trust a certain elementary teacher that I know to give the kind of reading -- but no way to drive the school microphones.
After all, I could know that was not a good driver.
I could trust my local friend to keep a conversation, but no, maybe to keep a secret.
Simple.
What if we have gotten those evidence in our everyday lives of the way that trust is different, why we put all that knowledge when we think about trust in more abstract form, in more abstract way?
I think the surveys are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust, because they try to force the good judgment in the fact to trust something or somebody.
Secondly, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more trust.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not the goal that I will put in.
I would aim to have more confidence in what it's free for trust, but not what it is.
Ultimately, I'm not to trust what is not reliable.
And I think that those people who stopped their savings with the very surprisingly named Mr. Mosth, who then disappeared with them, I think of them, and I think, well, yes, they were too trust.
Having more confidence is not an intelligent goal in this life.
They trust designed or denied intelligence, that's the right target.
Once you say, you know, it says, yes, it means that what matters in first place is not trust, but trustworthiness.
What it's about to do a judgment about how reliable people are in certain ways.
And I think in order to do a trial, we are forced to focus on three things.
Are you competition? Are they honest? Are they responsible?
And if we find that one person is competing in the personal matter, and it's responsible and honest, then we'll have a very good reason for trust in it, because it's going to be worthy of trust.
But if, in the contrary, they're not responsible. We couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competition and honest, but I don't trust them to take a letter to the email because they're forgotten.
I have friends who are very sure that they can do certain things, but I see their own competition.
And I'm very glad to say I think I don't have a lot of friends that are competing and responsible but extremely display.
If it's like that, I haven't been stuck yet.
But that's what we're looking for, trustworthiness.
Trust is response.
trustworthiness.
And of course, it's hard.
In the last few decades, we've tried to build accountability systems for all kinds of institutions, professionals, officials and so forth, that made us easier the task to judge their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
And I remember once I was talking to a game and said, "Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to make the proposition paper than to get to the part in it."
And we found the same problem in all of our public life, and institutional resource system that is destined to ensure trustworthiness. And confidence testing, it's actually doing the opposite.
What they do is to figure out the work of people who have to do hard tasks, like the pieces, demanding them that "manage the castals," as we say.
I sure you all know similar examples.
Everything that, by the goal.
I think the goal should be more confidence, and things would be different if we try to be a trust worthy of being worthy of trust, and we're going to bring people to the people who are reliable and if other people, officials are reliable and if other people, officials are trust.
It's not easy. It's the trial, the simple action, the activists, what it doesn't do properly.
Third, the task.
He will call the task rebuild to rebuild trust, put things backwards.
It suggests you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can reconstruct the trustworthiness.
We can do it if they're two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust -- in definition, is different, because it gives you other people.
You can't reconstruct what other people have given you.
You have to give them enough bases so they can trust you.
You have to be worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because of it because you can't end up, usually to all people, all the time.
But you also have to do physical evidence that you're worthy of trust.
How do you do that?
That's done every day, everywhere, makes people ordinary people, institutions, institutions, very effectively.
Let me give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I buy my socks to tell you that I can do it without giving any explanation.
I take them and give me the money, or the money, or they change them for the color I want.
That's great. I trust them because they become vulnerable to me.
I think there's a great lesson on that.
If you become vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good proof that you're worthy of trust, and you have trust trust you're saying.
So, at the end, I believe that what we're pointing is not very hard to distinguish.
What people trust is the relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
Since the beginning of computers we have come from the beginning to reduce the separation between us and the digital information, the separation between our material and the world in which imagination can be developed.
This separation has been declinedness, more and more and more, at such point that today is less than one millimeter, the thickness of a table screen -- and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone.
But I ask myself, and if there was no barriers?
I started imagining what it would be.
First of all, I created this tool that goes into digital space, so when the strong operation against the screen transfers its physical body to peepers.
Designers can satisfy their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs underneath the screen.
So with this tool, the barriers break down.
But the two hands still stay outside of the screen.
How can we get inside and interact with digital information using all hands?
In the Discovery Science division of Microsoft, along with my mentor Catal Bollywood, it was redesigning the computer and transformed a small space on the keyboard in a digital area of work.
Combine a transparent bombsight with depth cameras to detect the toes and the face, now you can raise your hands of keyboard, get into the 3D space, and grab pixels directly with your hands.
Like windows and archives have a location in real space, it is as easy as to grab a book from a stage.
You can hold the book and get lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that there is below every floating screen.
Architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with hands.
In these examples, we enter the digital world.
What if we invest in paper, and make digital information come to us?
So often, many of us will have bought and I have bought things on the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry about.
What I have here is a virtual test on the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a device in your head or transparent when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we take this further idea, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them physical, so we can make them physical.
How would it be a future like this?
At the MIT Media Lab with my tutor Hiroshi Islamic and my collaborator, Rembar Post Post, we created this only physical pig.
This spherical magnet is behaving as a 3D skin in space, which means that both computer as users can move the object anywhere inside this little three-dimensional space.
Similar, what we did was we announced gravity and control the movement through a combination of magnetic levitation and mechanical accessible, detector and detectors that we did.
And when we digitally program the object, we release it from the constraints of time and space, which means that human movements can record and go back and forth and stay forever, in the physical world.
You can teach them physically, and at the distance, and the famous shots of Michael Jordan, you can reproduce as a physical reality the times we want.
Students can use it as a tool of a tool to understand complicated concepts like the movement of planets, physics, and, unlike monitors or textbooks -- this is a real and palpable experience that you can touch and feel. It's very powerful.
But what's most fascinating to change the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information is not only going to show us something, but it will start to act directly about us as part of the physical world around us without that we have to get rid of our world.
We start the talk today talking about a barrier, but if we survive that barrier, the only limit that remains our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a gym for two years in Huntington, China, in the '70s.
When I was in first grade, the government wanted to transfer a school for athletes with all expenses paid.
But my mother tiger said, "No."
My parents wanted me to become an engineer, like them.
After surviving the Cultural Revolution, they firmly believed that there was just a closed path to happiness -- a safe work toward a safe and very well.
No matter whether the job would like or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera singer, but my dream.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A opera singer should begin to train from very young to learn the activists, so I tried everything I could to go to opera school.
I even wrote to the director of the school and the president of a radio program.
But no adult gave the idea.
No adult took me serious.
Just my friends supported me, but they were kids, without authority, like me.
So at the age of 15 years, I knew that it was too much greater to train.
My dream would never happen.
I feared that during the rest of my life a second class happiness was the only thing I could aspire to.
And this was so unfair.
So I solved to look for another vocabulary.
No one around me wanted to teach me? Okay.
I remember books.
"Planets "The Complete Sunday of Santa Hubble came to the United States in 1995, and what were the first books that I read here?
Those who were banned in China, of course.
"The Good Earth is about Chinese Chinese life.
And it's not confused. I understand.
The Bible is interesting, but strangers.
That's a topic for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a reverse, "Honey your father and your mother."
"Holidanker," I said, "It's so different, and much better than observation."
So it became my tool to get out of this confidence trap of the confidence trap and to reinvent the relationship with my parents.
The encounter with a new culture also gave place to my comparative reading habit.
It brought a lot of perspective.
For example, at the beginning this map seemed to me outside because this is what students in China learn.
I had never occurred to me that China didn't have to be in the middle of the world.
A map involves people's perspective.
comparative reading is not new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There are up to research fields as competitive religion and comparative literature.
compare and contrast, offer academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought if the comparative reading worked to research, why not do it in everyday life?
So I started reading books.
They can be treated by people "Bellidors Franklin Franklin of David McChan from David McChan of David McChan who were involved in the same surface, or friends with shared experiences.
For the crisis, the treatments are economic, politics and spiritual.
For the Buddha Buddha, they're all psychologists, lucky, fear and the social duty -- interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
"The California Two The Mandela Trade "The Markey The Man Mandela instead of Losing Alaska.
For example, it's through the translation that I realized that happiness in Chinese literally means "so fast "specialist."
And "in Chinese in Chinese, it literally means new mother."
The books opened up a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present.
I know I'm not going to feel alone or important ever.
Having a miserable dream really isn't compared to what many other people have suffered with it.
I've come to believe that reality is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect to the place that dreams, where the passion comes from, where happiness comes from.
Until a death dream can do that for you.
And it's because of the books, which today I'm here, happy, living again with purpose and clarity, most of the time.
So books always get them.
Thank you.
Thank you   Thank you.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first passion of psychotherapy.
I was a medical student in the clinical psychology in Berkeley.
She was a 26-year-old woman called Alex.
Alex came to the first session using cowboy and a hair towele, threw it into the couch of my office took my shoes and told me to talk about his shoes with men.
When I heard this, I felt so highly.
My classmates had a sign as a first customer party.
And I took a window that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't.
With the funny stories that Alex brought the sessions, he made me easy to just move the head while we gave the solution.
"The trailers are the new verbs, he said, Alex, and so I saw, she was right.
You start to work afterwards, you get home, you have kids afterwards, to death later.
For inmates like Alex and I had a time of surface.
But shortly after, my survival pressure me to present Alex to talk about his loving life.
I was resistant.
I said, "Oh, of course, it's coming out with guys underneath his category, and it's not like to marry with it."
And then my superpower said, "You know, but maybe it was married with the next one.
Also, the best moment to work in Alex marriage is before you marry.
This is what psychologists call a "Hey "Afghanistan."
It was when I realized that the 30 is not the new 20.
Yes, people feel head after what they used to be used -- but it didn't make the 10th of Alex a pause in their development.
This made the 20 of Alex the perfect moment, and we were wasting it.
So I realized, that this kind of benign neuroscience was a real problem and had real consequences, not only for Alex and his loving life, but for the careers, the families and the farmers and the future of all everywhere.
There are 50 million rides in the United States, today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you think nobody comes to adult without passing before the 1990s.
Raise your hand if you're in your 1990s.
I want to see the windows here.
Oh, Yes! They're amazing.
If you work with versassoods, love to a very surface, remove the dream a very surface, I want to see. It's okay. Incredible.
This is not just my opinion. These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will happen at 35 years.
This means that eight out of 10 decisions and experiences and "Media "And "Monterey -- who shape their life will have gone through for 30 and so on.
People from over 40 to 40 people who don't go in panic.
This audience is going to be good, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact on how much money they will.
We know that over half the Americans are married, they live or they're coming out of their future at 30 years.
We know that the brain ends up its second and last stage growth stage in its 20s, and it's represented for adulthood, which means that if there is something you want to change themselves, it's now the moment to change it.
We know that personality.
The 20 is the moment to educate on their body and their options.
When we think about child development, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment in which your daily life and common life has an impact in the person who will become a declared impact.
But what we don't hear often is that there is something called adult development and our 20s are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the versassoods are listening.
The newspapers talk about changes in the line of adult time.
The researchers call the 20 percent an extended adolescence.
The journalists are going to run ridiculous names like Thering "The Twitter and "The "Missisans and "The "Missisans."
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a trivial thing that is actually the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonardo Berlinder said that to achieve great things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it?
What do you think that happens when you give them bitten to a very surface in your head and say, "Do you have another 10 years to start your life?
Nothing happens.
They stole that person the sense of emergency and their ambition and it doesn't absolutely happen.
And then every day, smart versals -- interesting like you or your children and daughters come to my office and say something like this: "I know my girlfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't account for me, but this relationship doesn't matter.
Or they say, "Everybody says that while you start a career before the 30, it's all right.
But then it starts ringing something like this: "My 20 people are to end and I still have nothing to show you.
I had better cure the day that I graduated from college.
And then he starts to sound something like this: "My quotes during the 20 were like the game game.
They all run and they were fun, but then at some point around the 30, the music turned out, and they all began to sit down.
I didn't want to be the only one I was standing in, so I sometimes think I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when I was 30.
Where are the windows here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little extreme, but they don't get wrong, risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things to the '30s -- there's a huge pressure to the mainstream and so many of you start a career, choose a city, choose a mate, and have two or three children in a much shorter time.
Many of these things are not competitive, and there are research that start to show you, which is much harder and stressful to do everything once to the 30.
The average age crisis is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing you can't have the career you want now.
Realizing that you can't have the son you want to now, or you can't give a brother to your son.
A lot of tribes and streets look at themselves, and you sit in the room, and you sit on the room, and you talk about your 20, "What was I doing?"
I want to change what the versassoods are doing and thinking.
Here is a story of how it might be.
It's a story about a woman named Emmanuel.
At 25, Emma came to my office because it was, in his own words, having an identity crisis.
He said he would like to work in art or entertainment, but you still couldn't decide, so I spent the last few years working as a story.
As it was cheaper, I lived with a girlfriend that showed more temperature than an ambition.
And despite living about a very difficult 20, his previous life had been even more difficult.
He would often cry in our sessions, but then he raised herself by saying, "You don't choose your family, but you can choose your friends."
Well, one day Emma got his head on his legs and cried for almost all the hour.
I had just bought a new book for principal, and I had spent all the morning by filling it out of the morning with his many contacts, but then he was looking at the empty space that followed after the words "In case of emergency player, please call me " </s> please."
I was about the story of the story when he saw me and said, "Who are I going to be for me if I have an autistic accident?
Who's going to take care of me if I'm cancer?
At that time, I was very expensive at risk to resist and not say, "I."
What Emma needed was not a therapy that really worried about.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as just as I just sat down while the decisive decade of Emma was in front of it.
So over the next few weeks and months, I told Emma three things that all very window, man or woman, deserves it.
First, I told Emma that he would forget about that identity crisis and get identity.
By capital of identity, I mean to do something that adds value to his person.
Doing something that is an investment in what they want to be next.
I didn't know the future of Emma career, and no one knows the future of work, but I know this: identity capital creates identity.
So now it's the moment for that work on the other side of the country, of that internal, that company you want to test.
I'm not looking at the wind exploration, I'm looking at the exploration that shouldn't say, by the way, it's not exploration.
It's proposition.
I told Emma to explore jobs and to tell them about.
Second, I told Emma that the urban tribes are survived.
The best friends are excellent to lead to the airport, but the windows that come together with friends with similar minds are limited in terms of who you know how they know, how they think, how they think, how they talk, and where they work.
That new piece of capital, that new person who is going to go out almost always comes from your nearest circle.
New things come from what's called weak friends of friends of their friends.
Yes, half the windows have a bad job or they don't have work.
But the other half no, and the weak links are the way to control this group.
Half of the jobs that created never published, then, knowing the boss of your neighbor is how to get a job not published.
It's not cheating. It's the science of how information is gone.
Finally, not least, but not least, Emma believed that you don't choose your family, but I know your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as a green, Emma soon to choose his family, when he has a partner and shape her own family.
I told Emma that the time to choose his family had arrived.
Maybe you think that 30 is better age to sit in head than 20 or even 25, and I agree with you.
But to choose the person that you live in now or you do you all on Facebook -- you start walking towards the altar.
The best moment to work in your marriage is before you have it, and that involves being as intentional as you are at work.
Finding your family must be a conscious choice of who and what you want instead of it just make it work or kill with you who want them rather to work or kill with anyone who is choosing them to do.
So what happened to Emmer with Emmanuel."
Well, we looked at that director -- and she found the fourth of a quarter of a cousin that worked in an art museum in another state.
This weak link helped him get a job there.
That work of work gave him a reason to leave the girlfriend with the living boyfriend, he lived with it.
Now, five years later, it's a special organizational organized organization.
This married with a man who chose consciously chose it.
He loves his new career -- I love his new family, and I send a letter that said, "Now the emergency contact spaces are not big enough.
Emma story can sound easy, but that's what I love to work with versas.
It's very easy to help you.
The versassoons are like airplanes that come out of the airport of Los Angeles, who come out somewhere in the West.
Just before the display, a slight fit in your trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or Fish.
In the same way, at the same way at 25 or 25 to 25, a good conversation, a good condition, a good TED Talk, can have huge effects in the next years or even in the next generation.
This is my idea of spreading to all the winds that you know.
It's as simple as I learned to tell Alex.
It's what I now have the privilege of telling versions like Emma every day: The traditions are not the new 20, translated their adulthood, they get identity of identity capital, they use identity capital, they use their family links to their family.
They're not allowed to define what they didn't know or what they didn't do.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very demanding work in management for a work that was even more experience: digital.
I went to show you mathematics to high grade students in New York City.
And as any teacher, I applied exams.
I give you tasks.
When the work came back, I would calculate the grades.
What I was called the attention was not the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of the ones who had a better performance didn't have C.
Some of my smartest kids were not going to be so good.
And that started thinking about it.
The kind of things you need to learn in math in seventh grade, safe, are difficult, propositions, demands, the area of a parallel paralyze.
But these concepts are not impossible and I was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during time.
After several years of dignity, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivation perspective, from a psychological perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know about how to measure in a better way.
Is it the C. But what if you succeed in school and life depends on much more than the ability to learn in fast and easy and easy to learn in way?
So I quit the classroom and I went to college to become a psychologist, and I went to college to become psychology.
I started studying children and adults in all sorts of challenging stage, and in every study my question was, who is successful here and why?
My research team and I went to the Middle Academy West Point.
We try to predict what networks would remain in military training and who would be retired.
We went to the National Forest World Center, and we tried to predict what kids are going to move the most far in competition.
We study novel teachers working in really difficult neighborhoods and asking us what teachers will still be teaching for the end of the year and of those who will be the most effective of those who will be the most effective in improving the results of their students.
We partnered with private companies, wondering, which of these sells are going to keep their jobs out of work?
And who's going to make more money?
In all those very different context, a feature came up as an important prediction of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't good appearance, the physical health, and it wasn't the C.
It was determination.
Destroyed is passion and perseverance.
Despair is to have resistance.
The determination is clinging to his future, day after day, not just for the week, not only for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality.
Despair is to live life as if it was a marathon, not a career at all speed.
A few years ago, I started studying the determination in the public schools in Chicago.
I asked thousands of high school students who did my determination questionnaires and then wait about over a year to see who they were graduated.
It turns out that children with more determination had significantly graduated graduation likely to graduate them in every feature that I could measure, things like family income, the results of the standardized tests, even security that kids felt when they were in school.
So it's not only is it in West Point or at the National Center in Dead where it matters the determination. It's also in school, especially for the kids at risk to leave it.
For me, the most shocking thing about determination is how little we know, how little it knows science about its development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do I develop determination in children?
What should I do to teach kids a little bit of work?
How do I hold them to the long term for the long term?
The most honest answer is: I don't know.
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talent individuals that simply don't go ahead with their commitment.
In fact, in our data, the determine commonly is not related to it or is even related to the talent measure.
So far, the best idea I've ever heard about developing in children is something called growth measuring."
This is an idea developed at Stanford University by Carol Deck, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed.
Dr. Decame has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and it grows in response to the challenge, they are much more likely to persuade when they fail, because they don't think that failure is a permanent condition.
So growth mindset is a great idea to develop determination.
But we need more.
And that's where my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have in front of us.
We need to take our best ideas, our stronger institutions, and we need to test them.
We need to measure whether they have been successful and we need to be willing to fail, to wrong, to start all about the lessons that we learned all about learning about.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our kids more determined.
Thank you.
Growing in Taiwan like the daughter of a cartoon, one of my most attractive memories is my mother showing the beauty and the shape of the Chinese characters.
From that moment, I'm amazed by this incredible language.
But for a foreign foreign it seems as important as the Great Wall Moral.
In the last few years, I've been wondering if I can break this wall, so whoever you want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new method of learning Chinese could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I started learning how to draw each of the traces in every single character in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Because we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
A Chinese academic will understand 20,000 characters.
You just need a thousand to understand the basic alphabet.
The first 200 percent will allow you to understand 40 percent of basic literature, enough to read signals of traffic tracks, to understand the basic idea of the Web pages or the newspapers.
I'm going to start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
Open your mouth as much as possible until it's square.
They get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a ride.
person.
If the fire shape is a person with arms in both sides, as if they were free in a fractiollone way, "Alley" is actually blood] and the system is actually original to the shape of the call, but I like to believe it's the other way.
This is a tree.
tree.
This is a mountain mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The symbol of the door looks like a couple of doors in the old West.
I call these eight characters.
They are building blocks for a lot of more characters.
One person.
If somebody walks back, that's going to go."
As the ancient saying, two are company, three are crowd.
If one person would stretch their arms, this person is saying, "It was like this big.
The person inside the mouth, the person is closed.
It's a prisoner such as Jones inside the whale.
A tree is a tree. Two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a beach under the tree, we have the food.
Put a mouth on the tree, that's a ideal.  Easy to remember, because a particular tree is pretty ideal.
Remember the fire?
Two fire together, it becomes very hot.
Three fire together, that's a lot of calls together.
Put the fire under the two trees, that's blame.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two suns together, prisoner.
Three together, those are destinations.
Put the sun and the moon shining together, that's the brilliant.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and one night.
The sun comes over the horizon.
A door. You put a chart inside the door, it's the door.
Put a mouth inside of the door, ask questions.
Did I take somebody at home?
This person is coming out of a door, scary, evidence.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing them.
Three women together, they're going to get care about it.
So we've already spent about 30 characters.
By using this method, the first eight radical will allow you to build 32.
The next group of eight characters will build another 32.
So with each little effort, they'll be able to learn a couple hundred characters of characters -- which is the same thing that learns an eight-year-old Chinese.
So after knowing the characters, we started to create phrase.
For example, the mountain and fire together, we have a mountain of fire. It's a volcano of fire.
We know that Japan is the land of the sun.
This is a sun placed with the origin because Japan is the east of China.
So one sun next to origin, we created Japan.
One person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left are two mountains stacked one on the other.
In the old China, that meant in example, the Chinese emperor led to their political enemies beyond mountains.
Today, the exile.
A mouth that tells you where to go out is a game.
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking and down the stage. Thank you.
What I prefer to be dad is the movies I come to see.
I love to share my favorite films with my kids, when my daughter was four years old, when my daughter was four, we saw Oz magic together.
The movie mastered their imagination for months.
His favorite character was Glamorous, of course.
He gave him a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and take a magic variation.
But when you see that movie so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
We now live and we raise our kids in a kind of industrial complex show.
However, the magician of Oz was an event in itself.
It didn't start that trend.
The trend really took advantage of a year later on, interestingly, another film whose protocoleters, a metal boy and a pillar boy and a pennification guy was rescued to a display girl as a guard of the enemy.
Do you know what I'm talking about?  Yeah.
There's a big difference between these two films, there are a couple of big differences between the Ozon Magect and all the movies we see today.
One is that there's very little violence in the Ozzo Mage.
The monkeys are pretty aggressive, like the panels.
But I think, if the magician of Oz was done today, the magician would say, Doran, you're the Open Salamand as the prophecy.
You use magical shoes to defeat the military computer-generated military shoes.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing from the Oz of Oz is that the most heroic characters, wise and even virtual are women.
I started to notice this when I did see Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I also had a son.
It's three years.
It wasn't invited to the projection because it was still very small for it.
But it was the second child, and the survival level down.  And so he stood up in the room and he was impressed as a mom with his pathologies behind his pathologies and I don't think he would understand what happened, but indeed, he absorbs everything.
I wonder what I want.
Would you be value, previous and letter?
Would you feel that Lucy is an army to defeat the government?
Let's compare this to the 1960s of Oz 1918.
How does Dorothy win his movie?
Good minutes with everyone and being a leader.
It's the kind of world where I want my kids to grow up Opera, okay? And not a world of men who are fighting, that's where we are.
Why is it so much force of FDR, force in the movies for our kids, and so little yellow brandson way?
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies in the girls, and they should read it. It's very good.
I haven't read as much about how kids react to this star.
I know for the experience that the law doesn't provide the right framework that I would have served to navigate around the world of the adults who are migration.  I think at the time of the first kiss.
My search has finished, I have a girlfriend.
Why are they standing there?
I don't know what I should do.
The films are focused on melting the villain and getting their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other advertising.
It's almost like to be a child -- you have to be a dumb animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a war suit.
There are lots of exceptions, and defend the principles of Disney to any of you.
But they send a message to kids, although they, the guys, are not really their goal.
They do a phenomenal job to teach girls how to defend the pathology, but they don't necessarily show the kids how to defend the paradigm.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories to our kids, as real and lovely as Herbie and Kathanica, but they don't stop being movies.
Of course, the most successful issue of all the time is continue to appear in classic after classic -- each of them about the adventures of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and their son, or two men who are friends, or a man and his son, or two men who raise a girl.
Until many of you are thinking, it finally came out of Valley.
Reconciliation is all of you. It's available in stores.
Do you remember what criticism said when Valley came out of it?
I can't believe that Pixar has made a film.
It's very good. Don't let them stop them.
Well, almost none of these movies pass the Beck test.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It hasn't yet broken roots and already spread, but maybe we'll start a movement.
Aland Beck is a comic drawing, and in the late 1980s, he recorded a conversation that had had with a friend of mine about the assessment of films that they saw.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions that need to do -- in the movie, is more than a female character than having lines?
So you have to fulfill the requirement.
These women talk to each other at some point in the movie?
Their conversations are about something else about the boy than they like to --  OK? Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.
Two women who exist and talk about things each other.
It happens. I've seen it, and yet very rarely I see it in the movie that we know and love.
In fact, this week I went to see a very good quality film.
Right? Rushes from Oatuse, success success -- an idea of consent from what a quality of Hollywood film.
Virtually not the Beck test.
And I don't think that I should because a lot of the movie, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the movie happens in an embassy where men and women are hiding during the residents of the residents.
We have many scenes of men who have profound conversations and painful conversations on this score, and it's the great moment for one of the activists to get a look at the door and say, "You get to the bed car?
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at the numbers.
In 2011, from the 100 films, how many of them believe they have female protected?
Okay. It's not bad.
It's not the same percentage that the number of women we've chosen recently for Congress, then it's fine.
But there is a bigger number of more than this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
One in five women in the United States, one in five women says it has been sexually assaulted once in their life.
I don't think it's the fault of the mass entertainment.
I don't think the movies for children have something to do with that.
Nor I think the music or the pornography videos are closely linked -- but something wrong with that statistics, and when I hear that statistics, one of the things I think I think is that there's a lot of sex agents.
Who are those guys, who are learning this?
What do they do not learn?
They're assuming the story that says that the role of a male hero is to defeat violence with violence, and then charge the reward, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and doesn't talk about?
Are we chewing that story?
You know, as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very alarming statistic and we want to prepare them.
We have tools to our disposal like a power broken, and we expect that to help, but I have to ask them to help, is it going to protect you out of it, at the same time, active or passively are we educating our kids to keep their children from their male power power.
I mean, I think the Netflix list is a way of doing something really important, and here I mean primarily to parents.
I think we need to show our children a new definition of shoulder.
The definition of masculinity is radically changing.
You'll have read about how new economy is changing the role of home and sweater.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter what was his favorite character of Star Wars know what he responded?
Obama.
Obama Kenya and Glacier.
What do these two?
Maybe it's not just bright dress.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those movies that know more than anyone, and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them reach their potential.
They're leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter, and I like that kind of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want fewer stories to tell my son, and see and fight only and more stories where her work is to join a team, maybe a team led by women, to help other people improve and be better people, to help other people improve and be better people.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine, and one of the things I'd like to do was to look for sea cookies on the shores of Maine because my parents told me that that would give me luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these contains.
They're covered in sand, and it's hard to see them.
However, over time, I was used to look for them.
I started looking at shapes and patterns that helped me collect them.
This became a passion for finding things, in love by the past and the architecture.
And finally when I started studying Egypt Egyptian, I realized that I was seeing my own eyes wasn't enough.
Because suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine, had grown up to one of almost 1,000 miles of length along the Nine.
And my sea cookies had grown to the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew I had to look at another way.
I want to show you an example of how different we see when we use the infrared one.
This is a place in the East Egypt in Egypt called Benjamin.
And the place, in the naked eye, seems to be brown brown, but when we use infrared and process using fake color, the place looks like a brilliant role.
What you're seeing is actual chemical changes of the landscape caused by building materials and ancient Egyptians and the activities of the ancient Egyptian.
I want to share with you how we've used satellite data to find an ancient Egyptian city, called Atlantic, lost for thousands of years.
Italian was the capital of the ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a time period called the Middle Empire.
The place is located in the Facebook, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire, there was this great egg renaissance of the ancient art, architecture and religion.
The Egyptians have always known that Italian was located somewhere near the two kings of the two kings that built them, indicated within the red circles here, but somewhere within this huge aluminum plankton.
This area is enormous, it measures about six times for 4.5 miles.
Before, the Nile flows right next to the Italian side, and as it changed over time, it was transparent by the time, and it covers the whole city.
So how do I find a city out in an extensive landscape?
I'm going to try to find out to be the equivalent of the equivalent of a needle in a piece, with the eyes sold and using baseball gloves and using baseball gloves as well.
So we use the NASA photographic data to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We were able to see where the Nicole flows are.
But you can see more detailed, and it's even more interesting, this slightly elevated area that looks inside the circle here, which we think could be the location of the Italian location.
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing samples -- you can see it here.
When I say show, it's like the sample shots in ice, but instead of layers of climate change, we look for layers of human occupation layers.
Five meters down, under a thick thick layer -- we found a dense layer of cyclist objects.
This means that in this possible location of Islamic, five meters down, we have a range of occupation in the course of several hundred years, and we have a number of years that we think is Italian.
We also found president jobs, strange, waiting and cat -- what it shows there was a jewelry shop.
This might seem to be not much, but when we think of the more common stones used in the modern Empire Japanese, these are the stones that were used.
So we have a device dense from the Middle Empire data.
We also have evidence from a elite jewelry workshop that shows that that has been there, was a very important city.
We don't find Italian yet, but we'll go back to place in a near future to locate to locate it.
And even more important, we have the resources to train young people in the use of satellite technology, so they can also make big discoveries.
I want to end with my favorite quote of the Middle Empire quote probably was written in Islamic 4,000 years ago.
To share knowledge is the biggest of all vocabulary.
There's nothing like that on Earth.
So according to, TED wasn't founded in 1984 -- C.
And it really started in the ideas that happen really started in 1984 -- C in a lost city not for a long time and found out of it.
It certainly puts the search for marine contests in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside, in front of your house.
I want you to pay attention to the color of the door that it's done.
Now they visualize a group of obese nuts in bicycle now.
They're competing on a quarter of a cure cartoon, and they're going to address their entry door.
I need you to look at this.
They're getting strong, they're surrounding, they're jumping a lot.
And they collide in front of their house.
There are bicycles flying around all parts of the wheels that go on on the side of the wheels that end up in the sound places that end up in a absurd places.
In the lobby, the hall, or what there is on the other side of the door, and look at the quality of light. The light shining over the Galapagos.
You're waving them with your hand.
From his chair, on a brown horse.
It's a horse that talks about.
You can feel your blue hair by making them corners in the nose.
You can smell the oats. You can smell in the mouth and you can get into the mouth.
They go on one side and they enter their living room.
In the room, and doing maximum use of his imagination, imagine Britney Spain.
He's with little clothes, dancing on his center monitor, singing Hey Babbage One Middle Barefline.
Now me to the kitchen.
The floor has been coated with a path of yellow brick browsers, and from the oven they come to you Doran, the Home of Alzheimer, the Spain and the Leaf Magic Leader," and the Lean Man of Ocean, started out of the hands, jumping towards you.
Okay. Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that takes every spring in New York City.
It's called the United States Memorial "Meaning."
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, waiting -- I guess, that this was like the end of a wise support supply.
There were several men and a few different ladies of different ages and different hygiene.
They were measuring hundreds of random numbers, looking at them only once.
They memorize the names of dozens and dozens of strangers.
They memorize entire poems in just minutes.
They compete to see who I could memorize with the highest speed the order of a deck of boxes.
And I thought, "This is amazing.
These people must be the phenomenon of nature.
And I started talking to some of the competition.
This is a man named Ed Cock who had come from England, and he has one of the best trained memories.
I said, "Ear, when you realize you were a sandwich?
Ed replied, "I'm not a wise sand.
Actually, I have an average memory.
Everyone who participated from this competition say they have normal memory.
We trained ourselves to perform these miracle acts using ancient techniques, invented 2,500 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that Cicket used Cicks to memorize their speeches and medieval academics used to memorize the entire book."
And my reaction was, "Come on. How did I not hear this before?
We were standing outside of the competition, and Ed and Earth, who is a wonderful and brilliant English English English English English English English English English.
Do Brazil Space Space?"
And I said, "What?"
Because I'd like to teach Britney Spain to memorize the order in a birthday box in a live signal in national television.
That would prove to the world that anybody can do it."
And I said, "Well, I'm not like, "Well, I'm not Britain Spain, but maybe you can teach me.
So do you have to start on something that is not?
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the year next year, not only training my memory, but also researching, trying to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work and what it can be your potential and what your potential.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man named E.U.
He is a massive, very likely with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad I didn't even remember that he had a memory problem, it's amazing.
Somebody incredibly tragic -- but it was a window window that allowed our memory to be who we are.
At the other end of the spectrum, I met this man.
This is Kim Peter. He was based on Dutch Dutch paper in the film "Reather" movie.
We spent a afternoon together in the public library of Salt Lake City, measuring phone books, was center.
And when you go back, I read a number of treaties about written memory does something over 2,000 years ago in Latin, and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned was that there was a time when this idea of having trained and determination and crop was not a thing as rare as you can look at it today.
A long time ago, people invested in their memory, to provide their minds.
These techniques have made our modern world, but they also have changed.
They have changed us, culturally changed us, and I would say that has changed us.
As we already don't have need to remember, sometimes we seem to have forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where you still find passionate people for this idea of a trained memory, disciplined and growing is this similar competition of memory.
It's actually not that simulation, there's competition like this around the world.
I was fascinated, I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers at the University College University of London invited a group of memory, the lab.
Would you want to know: Is it going to be brains in some way, structural or automatically different from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are you more intelligent than the rest than the rest of it?
They gave them a cognitive test battery, and the answer was actually not.
There was a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of the memory of the memory and the control subjects that they compare them.
When they put them in a magnetic resonance machine, they scanned their brains while they memorize numbers, faces and forms of snow cheeses. They found that in memory champions were lit in the brain, different parts of the brain, different than others.
They actually used to be used, or they seemed to be used, a part of the brain that involves space memory and navigation.
Why? Is there anything we could learn from this?
The tournament of competitive memory is driven as an armed career where every year comes up with somebody with a new way of remembering someone with a new way of remembering more things, faster quickly, and then the rest of the competitors have to put a day.
This is my friend Ben Prize, three times of memory.
On his desk, in front of him, there are 36 developers of senior box that he's about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented and that only he dominated.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 4,000 random binary digits.
Yes.
And while there's a lot of ways to remember things in these competition, absolutely all the techniques used at the end of the techniques -- all of the techniques used at the end of a single concept that psychologists call ecological code."
He illustrates with a paradigm known as the "Parade Parkinson's paradox. (Bad says, "The "ground is this: I tell two people who remember the same word. I tell you, "You remember there's a man called Battern."
That's his picky.
And then I ask them, "Remember there's a "balloon battery."
And when I go back later, and I ask them, "Do you remember that word I told them a recent?
"Do you remember what it was?
The person who was told to be told his name is Baki is unlikely to remember the same word that the person told him to be baby."
The same word, different ability to remember -- that's weird.
What happens here?
Well, name Baker, it doesn't really mean anything for you.
With all of the other memories they dance for their head.
But the word, battle. Babylonian wings.
They use simple white hats.
They have speaking in their hands.
Tell them when they go home to work.
We probably know some panel.
And when we first heard that word for the first time, we started to put astronomical angles in order to easily fish at some time.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this data is about 2,500 years ago in the ancient Greece.
It's known as the palm of memory."
The story says this: There was a poet called Simon who attended a banker bank.
They had hired it as entertainment, because before, if I wanted to give a very good party, it doesn't bring a DJ pointer.
He stood up, he got his memory poem, and she was started, and so soon he was, the flag of the bank collapsed.
killing them everyone.
But not only did it just kill them all, but destroy bodies by letting them leave them inherent.
Nobody could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting there.
So they couldn't come up with the bodies.
One tragedy behind the other.
Similars, standing outside, only survival, in the middle of the rubble -- closed your eyes and I realized that with your eyes in your mind, I could see where I was sitting in every invitation.
He took the family family to the hands of her hand where their loved ones were loved between the rubble with them.
What Simon will get at the moment is something that we all know about more or less intuitively, and it is that no matter whether we're not good to remember names, or phone numbers or words for our colleagues, we have visual memory.
If I ask you to give me the first 10 words of the story that I just told you about Simons, it's very likely to find them very hard to do it.
But I'm going to bet that if you ask them to say who I was sitting on the horse to brown brown brown in his lobby, they would be able to visit it.
The idea of memory palm is to create this building with your eyes of your mind and population and images with the things that you want to remember -- the more crazy, the more crazy and the more consistent of the things that you want to remember.
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago, to the first memory treaties in marketing.
And how does it work?
Let's say that you've been invited to the TED stage to a talk and they want to make it from memory, the same way that Civilian would have done it if they had invited to TED 2,000 years ago.
What you might do is imagine that they're on your house.
And to make some kind of absolutely ridiculous image of image and crazy and unlikely to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely intense competition.
And then you can imagine coming into your home, and you see the Walls monster on the Matther's Monterey Monterey.
And that would remind them that they want to introduce their friend Ed Cook.
And then you see Britney Spain to remind them that funny anecdote that they want to count.
And then they go into the kitchen, and the fourth topic they would talk about would be that strange journey that they did for an entire year, and they have some friends for them to help them remember.
This is how Roman speakers memorize their speeches -- not a word for word, which is going to confuse them, but typical of it.
In fact, the term "The Typical Terming comes from "The Greek "The Great "The "StoryCorphon."
It's a distribution of when people thought about the narrative and the rhetoric with this species of space terms.
First place, it would be like the first place in his memory palm.
I saw this was simply fascinating, and I was full of it.
I went to some of these memory competition, and I had the idea of writing something extensive about this competitive memory subsidies.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a politically boring event.
Seriously, it's like seeing a bunch of people sitting in temperatures, and I mean, the most exciting thing that happens is when someone gets married in front of the front.
I'm a journalist and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are incredible things happening in the minds of these people, but I don't have access.
And I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put me in his place.
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sat down to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem, or the names of an ancient school anniversary bought in a lung market.
And I found that this was surprisingly entertaining.
I had never expected it to be.
It was entertainment, because it wasn't just about training memory.
What it's actually trying to do is to improve more and more the ability to create these ridiculous images, comics, protocells, international, internalisms, and it is individually, in the eye of mind.
I was pretty excited about this.
This is me, using my standard training team for memory competition.
It's a couple of origins and some security glasses. It covered just two holes, because the distraction.
And I ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year before. I had the idea that I could come in, in a kind of participatory journalistic experiment.
I thought this could serve a good impact for my whole research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the competition -- something that I didn't have to happen.
Of course, it's nice to be able to memorize speech, and phone numbers and buy them, but this is actually not the point.
These are just so tricks.
Because they're based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And you don't need to be put out of the measurements of memory or memorize boats, to benefit with a little bit of perspective about how your mind works.
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it was a gift donor, but it's not the case.
Big memories are educated.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we deeply.
The memory palace -- these memory techniques, are just shortcuts.
In fact, they're not even real shortcuts.
They work because they make us get to work.
They force a kind of profound processing, a whole kind of complete attention that most of us don't even exercise around there.
But the reality is, there's no shortcuts.
This is how things make memorials.
And if there is something I want to leave you today is what E.U. -- the anonymity that I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, I left me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose what is already our short existence of losing in the Blacks or iPhone, not paying attention to being human in front of us, and we're going to be so happy that we don't even bother to process deeper?
I learned the first hand that there are incredible memory capacities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you must be the kind of person who remembers remembering remember.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk today about the last 30 years of the history of architecture.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex subject, so we're going to address just a complex place, New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I'm from B. Jersey, I was six years old, I lived there at my parents' home in a village called Liberia, and this was my child bedroom.
In the corner, from my bedroom, I was the bathroom who shared my sister.
And between my bedroom and the bathroom, there was a balance that gave the living room.
And they all went through the time looking at the telly -- so every time I went from my room to the bathroom, they all looked at me, and every time I would come out of it, and every time I would go back into a towel.
And I was like this.
It was travel, insecure and hated it.
I hated that route, hated that battle, hated that room and I hated that room.
That's architecture.
Ready.
Those feelings, those emotions that I felt, that is the power of architecture, because architecture is not about mathematics, no divide of areas -- but of those visceral connections, emotional connections, we feel in the places that we occupy in the places.
And it's not surprising that we sit in that way, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency -- the Americans spend 90 percent of their time under roof.
I mean, 90 percent of the time we're surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
Architecture determines us in ways that we don't even notice.
That makes us a little naive and very, very predictable.
This means that when you show them a building like this, I know what it empowered -- "even "standing and "standard and democracy."
And I know that they think this way for based on a building built 2,500 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's a designer that uses architects to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings.
It's an emotional emotional connection -- we've used this trick for a long time.
We used it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century, we use it to build home.
Look, these stable soldiers, solid soldiers, in front of the season, away from the elements.
This is very, very useful, because building things is terrifying.
It's expensive, it takes a long time and it's very complicated.
The people who build build and urbanization and governments and governments are always afraid of innovation, and they prefer to use ways that they know they're going to work.
So we found ourselves with buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
This is the Living Public Library that ended up in 2004, in my hometown, and, you know, it has a capture, it has this round thing, it has this round thing, collaborative, red brand, that let me go into what Living tries to communicate with this building, the kids, the property values, the story, the story.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, another library, which looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use the media of communication in the digital age.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to meet and read and share.
So how is it possible that in the same year, two buildings, two buildings, both of them called libraries -- are so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works according to the beginning of the pull.
On one side is innovation -- architects that constantly drive new technologies, new technologies, new technologies, new solutions for current life.
We drive and we drive so much, and we drive so much of the people.
Everyone black -- all of this depressed, you think we feel very well, but we're dead inside because we don't have another option.
We need to go on the other side and come back to us with those appropriate symbols.
So we do that, and we're all happy, but we are all happy, but we feel like there, so we start to experiment again, we make the pull back back and forth -- so we've done it in the last 300 years, and of course, in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago we went out of the '70s.
The architects were busy experimenting with the so-called "Brazilian burning."
It's got to do with concrete.
That can be guess.
Small windows in desperate scale.
Something really hard.
So we went back to the 1980s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
Let's push the pull back into the other direction.
We take those forms that we know we like and update them.
And we added up and we went up with passages and we used new materials.
You love it.
We don't give at all.
We take Christan Caribbean and we turn them into richs, which can be medieval charters made of glass.
The shapes were made, they won in automation and healthy.
The pitches became columns.
Stories grew up to the size of buildings.
A madness.
But they were '80s, that was great.
We all spend the time in commercial centers, we move into the neighborhoods, and there, in suburbs, we can create our own architectural fantasy.
Those fantasies could be the meditation of the frank, to the French, to the Italian.
It could possibly be a synthetic paleo synthesis.
This is what happens with postings.
This is what happens with symbols.
They're easy, they're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we remember memories from other places.
I know very well, and all of you know, this is not the Toyota.
This is Ohio.
The architects are frustrated and we start to do the pull and we start to do the pull back in the other direction.
In the '80s, and in the early '80s, we started experimenting with the so-called deconstruction.
We get rid of the historical symbols, we now have new design techniques with computer design techniques, and we find new composition -- some forms that are star against other forms.
This is academic and embryo, and it's super impossible. One is totally excluded.
Normally the space was going to display again in opposite direction.
But then, something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building.
This is the Guinne of Bilbao Georgetown.
This building changed fundamentally the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Golding said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critically, academics and public and public generally were completely agreed about a building.
The New York Times was rating this miracle of miracle construction.
The tourism in Bilbao. The tourism in Bilbao.
So suddenly, all of a sudden, everybody wanted one of those buildings, Los Angeles, Stanford, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, Secretary.
Everyone wanted one, and George was everywhere.
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these shapes and wild and radical, how are you possible that they become ubiquitous around the world?
And it happened, because the media was getting rid of them around them, and quickly learned that those shapes mean culture and tourism.
We've created an emotional reaction with these shapes.
The same made the main mayor in the world.
So everybody believed that if they had these forms, they had culture and tourism and turning.
This phenomenon phenomenon of the new millennium, with other star architects.
I happened to Zakaka and Liberia, and what happened with these few elite architects in the threshold of the new millennium, actually started to spend all the architecture, the digital media started to increase the speed of information consumption of information.
Think about, for example, how do you make architecture.
A thousand years ago, you'd have to walk up to the next village to see a building.
Transportation is accelerating, you can take a ship, an airplane -- can be transparent.
And you can see the accelerations -- you can see in the newspapers, on the telly and at the end, we are all photographers of architecture, and the building becomes beyond their physical location.
Architecture is everywhere now, that means that the speed of communications finally has reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It's not a long time to think about a building.
It takes a lot of time to build a building, three or four years or four years, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 more buildings, before we know whether I designed four years ago, it was a success or not.
Because there's never been good feedback in architecture.
That's how we find ourselves with buildings like this.
Brooklyn was not a two-year-old movement.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they could.
That's never going to happen. I think, because we are at the threshold of the largest revolution in architecture from the invention of concrete.
My theory is that when you apply the movie to media, it starts to hit faster and faster, to be in both extremes almost in the simultaneous and developed the difference between innovation and symbol between us, the architects, and you, the architects and you know, the public.
Now we can make symbols almost instant -- emotional charge of something completely new.
Let me show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to replace this building that was incorporated.
This is the center of a village called Pinkos Island, in the state of New York City.
It's a community of vacation.
But that meant that two years before the building, it was already part of the community, and how the drawings looked exactly like the decreased product, there was no surprise.
The building became part of the community. That first summer, when people started to get and shared it in social media, the building stopped being just a building, became a media -- because these are not just images of a building, because these are not just images of a building, they made the building.
And as you use them to tell your story, they become part of the personal narrative of the personal narrative, and that does corporations with collective memory, and when you charge these symbols, we learn.
I mean, we don't need the Greeks anymore.
We can tell us about what we think of architecture, because digital media hasn't only changed the relationship between us, but they've changed the relationship between us and the buildings.
Think about a second in those Liberia libraries.
If that building is built today, we first went to the Internet in search of new libraries.
We're going to be bombarded with examples of experiments, of innovation, about what it can be a library.
That's menizer.
Money that you can take to the mayor of Lindy, to the people in Life, and tell you that there is no unique answer to what a library can be.
Let's be part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives freedom to experiment.
It's all different now.
The architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use grandparent words and complicated drugs -- and you know, it's not a devastating audience that doesn't accept something that has not seen before.
architects can listen to it, and you don't let the architecture.
That means that the space spread from one style to the other, from one motion to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can continue to go ahead and find some right solutions to the problems facing society.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means that the buildings of tomorrow will be very different to the buildings today.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of Seven can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad imitation of red brick imitation based on what a stadium ought to be.
This means that some robots will be able to build our buildings, because we will finally be ready for the forms that they're going to produce.
That means that buildings are added to nature of nature and not the opposite.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to make sports or yoga. Or even you can marry there at night.
This means that three architects can dream with birth in the East East in New York, and raise half a million dollars from the community together around that cause, it's no longer customer alone.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little pan of regions, as muscle and fiber animals as the animals that are going to look at.
Because it doesn't matter whether it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
No matter how we build, what matters is what we build.
Architects already know how to make more ecological buildings, more intelligent, more kind.
We've been waiting for all of you to do it.
Finally, we're not in opposite sides anymore.
Find an architect, put it together and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot of play in play.
Buildings don't only reflect our society, but they shape it until the smallest spaces, the local libraries -- the homes where we form our kids, and the step of the bedroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Stalin.
I just turned to a year and it already started walking.
And it does that cool way, typical of the children of a year, singing, as if their body was moving too fast for their legs.
It's totally beautiful.
And one of the things that you like to do for the moment is to look at the mirror.
She really loves her reflection.
They laugh and shot, and he gives himself those big kisses and stairs and sea.
It's beautiful.
Apparently, all of his friends do this, and my mom tells me that I used to do it. And he made me thinking, "When stopped to do this?
How do we suddenly be not like our appearance?
Because, apparently, we don't like it.
Every month, 10,000 people are looking for Google, I am upper people?
This is Fal, it's 13 years old and lives in Denevita.
And as any teenager, it just wants to be loved and fighting.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for next week in school.
It has a little bit of fear, it's a little bit confused because even though your mom tells him the whole thing that is beautiful, every day in school, someone tells him it's ugly.
Among what his mom tells him and what his friends, or colleagues of school tell him, don't know who to believe.
So does a video of her same video of it, puts it on YouTube, and he calls others who please leave a comment, "I'm a nice or a happy?
Well, Faiza has received more than 13,000 comments.
Some of these are so deficit, I don't even deserve to think about them.
We talk about a healthy and normal teenager, which receives these responses in one of their most vulnerable life stages emotionally.
Thousands of people are publishing videos like this, mostly teenage girls trying to communicate this way.
But what's bringing them to do this?
Well, today's teenagers are almost never alone.
They're under pressure and available all the time, talking, talking, short, "I like to see, coming, sharing, publishing, this never ended.
Never before we have been so connected, in a continuous way, instantly, so young.
As a mother told me, "It's like a party in his room every night.
There's simply no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from hand with that are implanted.
This environment, to be always connected, is going to be providing our kids to automatically being based on the number of "I like they and the types of comments they get.
There's no divide between a life online and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what's real or what it's not.
And also, it's very difficult to know the difference between what's authentic and what's manifested digitally digitally.
What is the most descended to someone in front of what is normal in a daily context?
And where are you looking for inspiration?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are cover in the news of girls now.
Zero models continue to dominate our parasites.
The approach technique is now a routine run.
And trends like, Karajan, American, Fibron and the weird.
For those of you who know it, it offenders proposition intervention.
These trends are associated with women in the popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what young young people.
But kids are not immune to this.
Like the superstar stars of sports stars and straight singers like that.
But what's the problem with all of this?
Well, we certainly want our kids to grow up healthy and be well-being individuals.
But in a culture obsessed by the image, we're teaching our kids to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance, the price of all other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical skills, their studies and the studies and other aspects begin to suffer.
Six in 10 girls every 10 girls prefer not to do something because they don't see nice enough.
These are not trivial activity.
They are fundamental activities for their growth as human beings and as contributions to society and the field of labor development.
31 percent, almost one out of three teenagers are not interested in class arguments, and they will be involved in classrooms in classrooms because they don't want to call attention to their physical stuff.
One in five are not attending to classes at all days when they don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the test season, if you don't think you're good enough, you specifically don't think you're definitely thin, you'll get a lower note to the average of your peers, who don't worry about the approach.
And this phenomenon has been generated in Finland.
And it is regardless of what they really weigh these young young people.
So, to be clear, we're talking about how you see you, not how you are really you.
The low self-esteem on your body is decision-making academic performance.
And it's also disappearing health.
Teenagers with self-experience make less physical activity, eat less fruits and vegetables, participate in more than healthy diet that can lead to food disorder.
They have low self-esteem.
They're more easily influenced by the people around them, and they're at greater risk of depression.
And we think that's all the things that make more risky decisions, like alcohol and drug consumption and dramatic diet, aesthetic diet, sexual surgery, and without protection and authoritarian damage to early age.
The search of the perfect body is pushing into the healthcare system, and our government costs billions of millions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe that they are overweight again, regardless of whether they have no greater answer.
17 percent of women are not presented to a work interview in a day where they don't feel safe with the way they see.
Think about what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that chance would be?
This potential is of interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, speaking, for itself, it doesn't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key shapes, and the first is that we have to instill trust in their own body.
We need to help our teenagers develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect imagery and build their self-esteem.
The good news is that there are many programs available to it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that many well-intentioned programs, without realizing it, get the situation.
So we need to make sure that the program of our children will not only have a positive impact, but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that best programs focus on six key areas. The first is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are crucial starting for any willing to provide an education in body self-esteem that works.
One education is fundamentally fundamental but facing this problem requires every one of us that we take away from the restrictions in the issue, and we're a better role model for women and girls in our own lives.
challenging the status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to tell you with our politicians in terms of hair or the size of their chest, or to urge that the determination or success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a big beauty.
We need to start to judge people for what they are, not because of what they see.
All of us can all start doing it by taking responsibility for the kinds of images and comments that we published in our social networks.
We can choose people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you, when was it the last time you had a mirror board?
In short, we need to work together as communities, as governments and as companies, to truly change our culture, so that our kids grow up to truly our culture, so that our children grow up valuing their people, by valuing individuality, the diversity, the inclusive.
We need to put people who are really making the difference in a period.
To make a difference in the real world, let's make them the ones that go out in the big screen, because we will just create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where the way they think they see is never the way that they are, or to reach out what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives.
Who have in mind?
Your wife with wife?
Your sister sister?
Your daughter.
Did you survived your friend?
Could the woman just be the woman who is two seats away. What would it mean for her to be liberated from that authoritarian voice in his interior, which is driven by not having long legs, more thin slides, a more flat, feet?
What would it mean for her, if we overcome this and we would say riding back to its potential in that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with images is getting rid of everyone.
But let's teach our kids the truth.
Let's show that the way you see you is just a part of your identity, and the truth is that we love them for those who are and what they do, and because they make us feel.
We include self-esteem in our schools.
We change each of us, the way we talk about and we compare to other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that small groups of an age of today, become a safe time agents become safe as safe as tomorrow.
Let's do it.
On November 5 of 1990, a gentleman named Sahara Norway came into a hotel in Manhattan and killed to the Arab Men Kahiel, the leader of the Lega Defense League of Leadership Light.
So Norman initially declared it innovated, but being prisoner by other less charges, in the company of others, they started planning attacks to about 12 icons from New York, including tunnels, synchronician and the United Nations.
Fortunately, those plans were frustrated by a FBI informant informal.
Sadly, the bomb of 1993 at the World Trade Center in the World Trade Center.
Later North would be convicted for her participation in that later.
Schuki Norway is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being him an Egyptian engineer, with a loving American mother, with an American mother, master school teacher, between the two people they did everything to give me a happy childhood.
Only when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam, which is very few, including most of Muslims -- come to know.
For experience, I saw that when people take time to interact, they don't need a lot to get to want to want the same things in life.
However, in all religion, in every human group in all human group, there's always a little fraction of people who are going to be so interrogated to their convictions that they have to use every possible media so they live like them.
A few months before he sat down and explained to me that in the last weekends, he explained to me and explained to the last weekends in Long Island, to practice.
He told me that I would go with him the next day.
We arrived at the Carolina Turkey Pole, which without knowing our group, was suggested by the FBI.
When I was touched, my father helped me hold the rifle.
That day, with the last bullet that I gave to the little orange light about the target and to surprise everything, especially me, especially me, the whole goal is in flames.
My uncle turned to the others and in Arabic, said "Bee Baby."
From such father, as a child.
All of all, the comment made them a lot of laughter, but just a few years later, I understood what it seemed so funny.
They saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
Those people later that would be convicted to put a lot of locked up with 700 pounds of explosion in the underground parking parking parking parking parking station of the North Trade Center, causing an explosion that killed six people and he wound up another 1,000.
I admired those men.
I called them "momen," which means uncle.
When I turned 19, I had moved 20 times. That instability during my childhood I didn't allow me to make a lot of friendships in my childhood.
Every time I started feeling comfortable close to someone else it was time to pack and go to another city.
As I was always the new face of the class with frequency was manufactured.
I felt secret my identity to avoid being the white -- but being the new of the class, quiet and registered, it was enough communication.
So most of the time the time was going on at home reading books, watching TV or playing video games.
For these reasons I didn't develop social skills, to say to it such solidarity -- to grow up under panicking, not prepared for the real world.
I was trained by opera to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators like their race or their religion.
So how could I open your eyes?
One of the first experiences that they put to test my way of thinking, was during the presidential elections of 2000.
In a university program that I participated in the National Convention, June National in Philadelphia.
My group focused on the theme of juvenile violence. As I had been victims of almost all my life, it was something that I felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from various products.
One day, at the end of the convention -- I discovered that one of the guys who was the guys who had made friendship, was Jewish.
It took several days to go to the light this detail and I realized that there was no animation between the two.
I had never had a Jewish friend and I was frankly, frankly, I felt very proud to have been able to sell the barrier that all life had made me believe it was infected.
Another crucial moment emerged when I got a summer job in Bush Gardens, a park.
I met with people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures, that experience was fundamental in the development of my character.
All life had taught me that homosexuality was a sin and, by extension, all the gay statues.
By chance, I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there, in a show, and I was able to see that several of them were the most nice and less critical thing that I had seen in life.
Having been accelerated as a child, I developed a sense of empathy towards others, but it wasn't easy for me to treat real people, exactly how I would have wanted to be treated.
And so feeling I could contrast the stereotypes that had taught me as a child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know how that will be hospital, but I know what is being judged by something beyond my control.
Then he came the Davin Show.
Every night, Jon Stewart made me interlocesial to my intolerance, and helped me see that the race of people, religion or sexual or sexual orientation, have nothing to do with character.
In many ways, he became my view in a moment that I was desperately desperately needed.
In occasion, inspiration can come from the unexpected, and a Jewish comedian had a better influence in my life than my own father, extraction, was not in value.
I had a conversation with my mother on how I was changing my way of thinking about how I was changing my way of thinking, and she told me something that will serve in my heart forever, while he's alive.
She looked at me with the eyes of someone who had suffered enough with endless domination, and he said, "I'm tired to hate the dollar."
At that point, I realized how much negative negative energy is needed to keep all that hate in your inside.
My real name is not Zakaka Europe.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why I decided to go out and put me in a possible risk and put me on a possible risk of it?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope that someone, someday, who is trying to bring violence, can hear my story and understand that there's a better way that I would be considered to -- and I was convicted to this violent ideology and interlace, I didn't get to me fantastic.
On the contrary, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and against presidentials.
I do it for the victims of the terrorism and for their loved ones, by the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced in their lives.
For the victims of terrorism, I'm going to talk about those meaningless acts -- as I reject my father's actions.
With this simple, I show here as a proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race, that children don't have to follow their parents' roads.
I'm not my father.
Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.
At this point, there's a film that project in your minds.
It's an amazing multi-performing film.
It's in 3D and it has underground sound of what you hear and see right now, but that's just the beginning.
Your film has angle, taste and texture.
It feels your body, your pain, your famine, your pleasure.
It has emotions, angry and happiness.
It has memories, as moments of your childhood who are projected in your eyes.
And it has constantly a superstructure voice in your conscious thinking.
The heart of the film are you who experience everything in a direction.
This film is the flow of consciousness, the subject of experience of mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of human being.
Each of us is conscious.
We all have an internal film, tea, you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least, I know that I have a consciousness.
I have no certainty that you are conscious.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we weren't conscious, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time, it's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these internal films, right?
Why are we not just robots that process what we get to produce results without experiencing the internal movie film?
At this moment, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible a science of consciousness.
Science by nature, by nature, is goal.
consciousness, by nature, is subjective.
So there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because for almost the 20th century, I predict that vision.
psychology studied the objective behavior, the neuroscience studied the brain objectively but no one mentioned the consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
Later, 20 years ago, it all started to change.
Neuroscopes like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Prostate and physicists like Roger Penn said.
And since then, there was a real explosion of a fluctuation of scientific work about consciousness.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has fundamental limitations until the moment.
The center of science science in the recent years was the search for correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic work that Nancy Kaneing had a few minutes ago.
We now understand much better, for example, the brain areas that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces, or feeling pain or feeling happy.
But this is still a science of correlations.
It's not a science of explanations science.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain to you that this kind of work of neuroscience answer some questions that we want to explain consciousness. The questions about what certain areas of the brain are doing certain areas of the brain and what they correlate with.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
without offense to neuroscience.
There are no easy problems with consciousness.
Why don't the real mystery of the central mystery of this matter -- why all of a physical process in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness?"
Why is there an subjective internal movie figure?
Right now, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's give a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emerging phenomenon like embassions, like hurricanes, and we're going to find explanation.
Typical suggestions are all cases of emergent behaviors -- how the embassions operate -- how the hurricane works, how the hurricane works, how the hurricane works, how they reproduce.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emergent phenomena, how we walk, how we speak, how we play chess -- all are questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, the questions about behavior are among the easy problems.
But the difficult problem is the question of why all behavior is accompanied from a subjective experience?
And here it is, the standard paradigm, the standard paradigm of neuroscience -- actually doesn't have a lot to say.
I'm a heart scientific material.
I want a scientific theory of the anti-protection that works. For a long time, I hit the head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in physical terms that would work.
But at the end, I came to the conclusion that didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we sit at this point.
We have a chain of wonderful explanations, great explanations, we used to do this -- physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit into this scheme.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we are conscious.
For another, we don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific view of the world.
I think the consciousness, right now, is kind of an angle, something that we need to integrate our view of the world, but we don't know how to do it.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas, I think we need ideas that at first seem crazy, before you can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dennett, who's here today, has one.
His crazy idea is that there isn't such a difficult problem of consciousness.
The whole idea of the internal film includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
Actually, what you have to do, is to explain the objective functions, the behaviors of the brain, and this is what it needs to be explanation.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea we need to explore if we want to have a theory of the purely reductionist consciousness, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for many others, that vision is pretty close to simply deny that the observation of consciousness is satisfied.
But I go in a different direction.
In the time I have, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promising.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is critical.
The physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental brains, space, time and mass.
They put fundamental laws that govern government, like the laws of gravity or quantum mechanics.
These fundamental laws and fundamental properties don't explain in terms of nothing else.
In contrast, they are very fundamental, and it builds the world.
Sometimes the list of the fundamental is left.
In the 19th century, Maxwell's found out that you can't explain electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental fundamental concept in terms of space, space, time, mass, Newton's laws, and it puts the electrical charge as a fundamental concept that those laws govern governance.
I think that's the situation that we find with consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental fundamental ideas, space, time, mass, loads -- then by logic of logic, you need to get the list.
The most natural thing would be to position the same as a fundamental thing, a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not the object of science.
It opens the way the way it is to manage it scientifically.
So what we need to do is study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, the laws that connect awareness with other fundamental concepts -- space, space, mass, physical processes.
The physicists sometimes say we want to make fundamental laws so simple that we can store them in a stream.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we can store them in a t-shirt.
We don't know what laws are, but that's what we look for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Every system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision is sometimes called a passion, "Paradox for everyone, "Picture for us, every system is conscious, not only humans, the dogs, the mothers, the flies, even microbes from Rob King, the elementary particles.
Even a photo has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that the pictures are smart or they think of it.
It's not that a photograph can be full of angular when you think, "Oh, always traveling at the speed of light.
I can never slow down and smell the roses."
No, so no.
But thinking is that perhaps photons can have some elements of crude feeling, subjective feeling element of consciousness.
This can sound a little crazy for you.
How would someone think something so crazy?
And part of this comes from the first crazy idea that consciousness is fundamental stuff.
If it's fundamental, like space, time and mass, it's natural to assume that it can also be universal.
It's also worth noticing that even though the idea seems angle, it's much less for the people of different culture, where the human mind seems more than a continuum with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and powerful form of finding fundamental laws that relate thinking about physical process, is by linking awareness with information.
There is always processing information processing.
complex information processing, like in a human being, complex consciousness.
Simple information, simple awareness.
One very exciting thing is that in recent years a neuroscientist, Gillion Tongue -- took this kind of theory and development resistant with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical integration of information intervention, which is called Ph: which measures the degree of information in a system.
And I assume it has to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an incredible degree of information integration of information, a high degree of population, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse there's an average degree of information integration of information -- pretty significant, very significant confidence degrees of consciousness.
But when you get to the worms, microbes microbes, particles, the degree of Ph.D.
The level of information of information is less, but it's not zero either.
In the northeast theory, there will still be a level of different consciousness.
I actually propose a fundamental law of consciousness, high degree of Ph: high degree of consciousness.
Also, another reason is that psychiatry can help us integrate consciousness to the physical world.
The physicists and the philosophers often have observed that physics is curiously abstract.
He describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but he doesn't talk about the reality that he underlies below.
As Stephen Hawking explains "When the former former of equations?"
From passive vision, the equations of physics can leave you as they are, but you can use to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts fire in the equations.
In that vision, consciousness is not found outside of the physical world as a kind of advertising.
It's right there in the center.
This vision, I think, the passive vision, it has the potential to transfer our relationship to the nature of our nature, and it can have social and ethical consequences.
Some can be illegal.
I used to think that I shouldn't eat anything that had consciousness, so it must be vegetable.
If you're a panel and you accept that vision, you'll have a lot of hungry.
I think I think it tends to be good, this tends to transform your visions while what matters in ethical terms and moral consideration is not so much of the fact of consciousness, but your importance and your complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the Arabia artificial intelligence system in the movie "Woman: "Don't "Do "Don't "Hey "Deal "Deal "For "Don't "Don't "Do "The "Death "Heroed "Death?
Is it conscious?
According to the passive information vision, she has a processing of complicated information, integrated so that the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is correct, they are pretty serious ethical problems about developing smart computer systems and the ethics to turn off.
Finally, you can ask for the entire collective consciousness, the planet.
Canada has its own consciousness?"
Or a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience on a TED Talk, at this point, we have a collective TED consciousness, an internal movie for this whole whole group of TED filmers?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that should be taken seriously.
So this passive view is a radical vision, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually safer in the first crazy idea that consciousness is fundamental than the second thing that is universal.
The vision raises a lot of questions, many challenges, like, how those thoughts of thinking contribute to the complex kind of awareness we know and love.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we go through the right path towards a theory of serious consciousness.
If not, well, probably this is the hardest problem of science and philosophy.
We can't wait for it overnight.
But I think we're finally going to go to it.
Understanding consciousness is the real key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the right crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a little rural village in Victoria.
He had a very normal profile in education.
I went to school, I joined my friends, I fought my younger sisters.
Everything was very normal.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community came to my parents because I wanted to name for a community prize.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very nice, but there's an obvious problem.
She hasn't gotten anything."  And they were right.
I went to school, I had good grades. After school, I had a low profile in my mother's penguin, and I spent a lot of time looking at the series "Bumph "burden: "Bump Solar and Drugs Creative."
Yeah, I know. What a contradiction.
But they were right.
I didn't do anything extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as an achievement if we take the disability outside of the equation.
Years later, being in the second part of the teaching in a high school in Mellon school in Mellon -- just after about 20 minutes in the middle school of legal studies a guy raised his hand and said, "Hey, when you give them your speech?
I said, "What's a speech?
Well, I had been talking about the law of digitizen for a good 20 minutes.
And he said, "You know, your motivation speech.
When people in wheelchair, they talk about inspiring things in school?
"Please, in the act room.
And it was then when I realized, this child had had experiences with people with disabilities.
And we are not. And it's not the fault thing, and it's true for many of us.
For us, people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our manuals.
We're not real people. We're there to be inspired there.
And in fact, I'm on this stage looking at what I do in this wheelchair, and probably you're waiting for them. Right?  Yes.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I fear them straightforward.
I'm not here to inspire you.
I'm here to tell you that we have lied to disability.
Yes, you have sold the lie that disability is something Mala, Michael, May M.
It's something bad and living with a disability makes you amazing.
It's not a bad thing and it doesn't make it excess.
And in the last few years, we've been able to produce even more that through social media.
You may have seen images like this: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude."
Or this one: "Your excuse is investment?
Or this one: "Before you go off, include."
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a lot of them.
It may have seen one of the little girl without hands drawing with a sophisticated pencil by the mouth.
You may have seen a child who runs with carbon fiber prosthetic legs.
And there's a lot of these images, which are what we call the porn inspiration.
And I use the term deployed, because they choose a group of people for the benefit of another group of other people.
So in this case, we choose the disabled.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, to motivate them, so that we can look at them and think, "Well, it's very bad for my life, it could be worse.
I could be that person.
But what if you're that person?
I've lost the account of the number of times that have been strangely admitted to me that they believe that I am brave or an inspiration source, and this happens before my work had a public profile.
It was as if I was happy to wake up in the morning and remember my own name.  And this is coming to me.
These images, those images are competing to people with disabilities.
They're there so you can see them and think that things aren't so bad for you, or to put their concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually something hard.
We overcome some things.
But the things we overcome are not the things that you can think of.
They're not relative things to our bodies.
I use the term states, deliberately because I was surprised to call the social model of disability, which tells us that we are more disabled because of the society that we live that because of our bodies or diagnosis.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very sick with him.
It does the things I need I do, and I've learned to take the best of your capacity as well as you do, and that's what happens with the children of those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything outside of it.
They're simply using their bodies by taking the best of their ability.
So is it really right to them in the way we do that, by sharing those pictures?
When people tell us, "You're a source of inspiration to say it as a cultivation.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of lying, because they have sold us this lie that disability makes us exceptional us.
And honestly, it doesn't do it.
And I know what you're thinking.
I'm going to hide the inspiration, and you think, "For God, Stalin, you're not sometimes inspired by something?
And I know I am.
And I learned from other people with disability at all time.
However, I don't learn that I'm more lucky than them.
And I learned that this is a great idea to use a little bit of baby paintings to collect the things that fall to me.  I learn the ingenuity trick of how to charge the mobile phone battery in the battery of the chair.
Great.
We learn from the strength and resistance of others, not against our bodies and our diagnosis, but against a world that exciting and cosmic us.
I really think that lie that we have sold us about disability is the biggest injustice.
It makes us hard life.
And that quote, "The only disability in life is a bad attitude," is a bad attitude," the reason that it's lying is not true, because of the social model of disabilities.
A lot of smiles in front of a stairs has never done it becomes a rap.
Never.    Sure to a television screen that will not make the subscriptions for deaf people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and irrigating a positive attitude will convert all those books into the broad.
It's just not going to happen.
I really want to live in a world where disability is not exception, but normal.
I want to live where a 15 year-old girl sitting in his bedroom watching "Bump the Valley Stanford is not considered to be in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of people with disability that we're happy to get out of the bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the general achievement of people with disabilities, and I want to live in a world where a child of 11 degree in a high school in Mellon is not a little bit surprised that his new teacher is a wheelchair, of course.
Discovery doesn't make us great, but question what you think you know about what you think about it.
Thank you.
What do you have to look at augmented reality and the professional football is empathy?
And what is the average speed of a girlfriend without charge?
Unfortunately, today I'm just answering to one of those questions, so please don't be disappeared.
When people think about augmented reality, they think of in Minister Report, and in Tom Cruise driving hands in the air, but augmented reality is not science fiction.
The augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happen, because we have the tools for it, and people need to know it, because reality is augmented to change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones.
So how do we get to the augmented reality?
The first step, this is what I wear put back, the Google Google gas.
I'm sure many people are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that Google Glass, they're a device that allows them to see what I see.
Let me let you experience what's being a professional sport in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use Google Glass, underneath a helmet and know what is running through the game field to 160 miles, the blood hitting the ears.
We can know that it feels like a 100 pounds of a piece of 100 pounds, trying to get us out of it.
I've been there, and I assure you it's not nice.
I bring some videos to them to show you what the Global Google is to use by the helmet, and give them an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they're not images of the NYU practices because the idea of the emerging technology of the emerging technology is a submarine going to the surface. But we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Klucker: Let's go.
It's horrible to be stage.
So a moment. We got a little time.
Are you ready?
Go!
Chris Klucker: As you can see, it's a proof of what it is to be slaughtered in the football field from the perspective.
You'll have realized that missing people, the rest of the equipment.
We have a video of them from the University of Washington University.
Family Mirasuric field, Ricesters 54."
Blue 8, Blue eight? Go!
Chris Klucker: This is a little bit more to the feeling of being in the field, but it has nothing to do with being in the NGO.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, to be their favorite players, and they have asked me in YouTube and they have asked me about the angle of a field.
Or about a coral?
We want to experience that."
Once we have that experience with Google and Google Glass, how do you get away? How do we bring it to the next level?
We take it to that level using something called Oklittories, which is certainly a lot of you already know.
The October Cells has been described as the most realistic virtual reality device ever created, and it's not barrier.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh, oh.
No, no, no, no, I don't want to keep playing. No!
Oh, my God. Oh, my God!
CK: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain that is afraid of his life.
What will the experience of a fan when we get a piece of Advertisement Peters crossing the line, getting rid of a elevator with your arm before you run out and make an analysis? What will be the experience of a fantasy.
When I can be Message running through the corner, throwing the ball at the bottom of the network? Or Fed to the bottom of the network?
What is his experience when he descended from a mountain to more than 100 miles like an Olympic scanner?
Maybe you increase the sales of diapers for adults.
But this isn't still augmented reality.
It's just virtual reality, Ranger.
How do we reach augmented reality right?
We're going to get the reality augmented when the coaches and the managers and the owners see the information of what people want to look at and think, "How do we use this to improve our teams to improve our teams.
How do we use it to win parties?
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win. They give them money.
So here's a brief round about technology at the NSA.
In 1965, the Poles were put a wall to his field marketing marketing to play faster.
They won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the party because it was more exciting, it was faster.
In 1994, the NGOs put radio radio on the cars in the fields of the field markets and then the defense.
They had more viewers because it was faster, more entertaining.
In 2003, imagine that they are a player going back to their group and see their next game shown in front of you, in a plastic vision that they bring back. You don't have to worry about forget a game.
Or to memorize the strategy.
They just go out to the field and react.
And the coaches want to do it because if they don't follow their instructions, they lose parties, and they hate to lose parties, and they hate them.
If you lose parties to you as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But augmented reality is not just a manual of the strategies.
The augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your way of playing the game.
How would you do?
Well, a very simple option would be to have a camera on every corner of the stadium, having a view from how high of the people are down.
You also get information from sensors and accelerations, something that you're already working on.
And all of that information is sent to your players.
Good teams will send it to you.
They're going to have information overload.
This difference the good teams of bad equipment.
So your computer team is going to be as important as your records and data analysis will stop being for nerds.
Who would have imagined it. Who would have imagined it?
How would it be in the country?
Imagine you're the mixed marine.
You get the ball and you go back.
You look for open receptor. Suddenly a flatter in the left part of your bombsight is going to be attractive. Normally, you wouldn't see, but the Range system is going to be attractive. But the system of Ray affects you.
You go to the protection area.
Another fluid is going to be an open receptor.
You toss the ball, but you get down.
And the ball loses the trajectory.
You don't know where to land. However, the receptor sees in its visual area that it lights and can modify the career.
It comes up, it grabs the ball and run and angle.
The audience goes up and the fans have followed the game from every angle.
This is something that will create massive emotion on the game.
I'm going to make lots of people see it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite player.
The reality is going to be part of the sports because it's too profitable to be not.
But what I ask you is, we want this to be the only use of reality reality use?
Are we just going to use it just as bread and circus, like our usual entertainment entertainment.
Because I think we can use it for more.
I think we can use the augmented reality to foster the empathy between human beings, to show someone how it is, literally being in the other person's place.
We know what this technology is worth of sports legislation.
It generates billions of income per year.
But how much is this technology for a professor in the classroom trying to show an abuse of how harmful their actions are their actions from the perspective of the victim of the victim of the victim of the victim of the victim of the victim of the victim of the victim?
How much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how you live being press?
How much is it worth as well for a Hamper Command or a Netherland Derek Institute trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science instead of notes and Karadansas?
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality is coming.
The questions that we do, the decisions that we take and the challenges that we face and the challenges that we face.
Thank you.
I was recently retired after about 23 years of service at the California Heritage of California.
Most of those 23 years I spent a lot of the south anniversary of Marine County, which includes the Golden Gaterie.
The bridge is an iconic structure, fully known by its beautiful visions of San Francisco, in the Pacific Ocean and his Architecture station.
Unfortunately, it's also an imam for suicide.
The George Gates Bridge was open in 1964.
Joseph Stars, engineering boss to build the bridge, said that, "The bridge is pretty much for suicide.
The suicide from the bridge is not practical or probably."
But from its openness, over 1,600 people have jumped to their death from that bridge.
Some people believe that travel between the two towers to another dimension -- this bridge has been identified as such as that, so that the fall from it will free you from all your concerns and pain, and the waters that pass underneath your soul.
But let me tell you that that happens when the bridge is used to make suicide.
After a fall of four to five seconds, the body hit against the water about about 120 miles an hour.
The impact breaks bone, some of which they prefer vital organs.
Most people die in the impact.
The ones that not, normally stay in the helpless water, and then they stand.
I don't think that such a method of suicide method is realized of the death market that they face.
This is the cable.
Except about two towers, there are 32 pillars of steel steel on the bridge.
This is where most people are going to be before taking out of life.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on that edge, and in its darkest moment, it's very difficult to bring them back.
I took this picture last year while this young man spoke with an official contemplating his life.
I want to tell you with joy that we had success that day to bring it back on the barrier.
When I started working on the bridge, we didn't have any formal training.
We fought to channel the path through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who contained suicide.
We've been a long way since then.
Today, veteran officials and psychologists train new offices.
This is Jason Garden.
I met it about 22 of July last year when I get a call from a possible suicide subject sitting in the heart near the center.
I said, and when I arrived, I looked at Jason talking to an official Gabby office.
Jason was only 32 years old, and he had flown up here from New Jersey.
In fact, he had flown up to here two times before New Jersey to try to suicide from this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Jason and I asked if we knew the story of Pandora's box.
So remembering the Greek mythology. Zealands created Pantheon, and he sent it to the Earth with a box, and he said, "No, never open that box box."
Well, one day, curiosity could more than Panaman, and she opened the box.
And she came out plates, fight, and all kinds of bad against the man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us, "What if you open the box and there's no hope hope?"
It took some instances, leaned on to the right, and it was gone.
This kind of nice and smart guy in New Jersey just took away life.
I talked to the parents of Jason that night, and I guess that when I was talking to them, I didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the family rabbi called me to see what it was.
Jason parents had asked it.
The collecting damage of suicide affects a lot of people.
I posed these questions: What would you do if a member of your family -- a friend or someone loved to be subsididay?
What would you say?
Would you know what to say?
In my experience, not just to speak, but you have to listen to it.
Listening to understanding.
Don't argue, blame, or you tell the person you know how it feels like, because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the point of inflection that you need.
If you think someone is suicide, you don't have fear of them and ask the question.
One way to ask you to ask the question is, others in similar similar have thought of ending your life, you've had these thoughts?
Confidence to the person in front of it can save life and be the point of inflection for them.
Other signs to search for it, despair, believe that things are terrible and they're never going to be better. Impossible, believe that there's nothing you can do to the thing about it, social isolation, and a loss of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago, and I got an email from a lady and I'd like to read her letter.
She lost her son on January 19 of this year, and he wrote this email just a couple of days ago, and he wrote this email just a couple of days ago.
"Hi, Kevin I imagine you're at the TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking that should go to foot on the bridge this weekend.
I just wanted to leave on a note.
I hope you can tell lots of people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell his friends, and so on.
I'm still quite inspiration, but I'm noticing more moments to realize that Mike won't come home.
Mike was driving Lemon Francisco to San Francisco to see the population of 49 with his father on January.
It never came there.
I called the Peter police and it was represented as disappeared that night.
The next morning, two officials came to my house and reported that Mike car down in the bridge.
A witnesses had seen him jumping from the bridge at 1850 in the late day.
Thank you very much. Thank you for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves.
Who hasn't been wrong before without suffering a real mental illness.
It shouldn't be so easy to end up with it.
My prayers are with you.
The CEO, the Gold Gates Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay.
Good luck this week, Victor."
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to bridge and run the path that her son took that day, and also the value to go forward.
I'd like to introduce you to a man who I mean hope and value.
On March 11, 2005, I responded to a radio call for a potential suicide subject in the bridge of the inner tower.
I drove my motorcycle on the sidewalk, and I looked at this man, Kevin Berkeley, standing on the sidewalk.
When he saw me, he immediately crossed the balloon, and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
During the next and the next half and I heard about Kevin talked about his depression and despair.
Kevin decided for his account that day to come back on that car and give life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, the happy.
"This is a new beginning, a new life."
But I asked him, "What was it that you made you back and you give hope and life another opportunity?
And you know what he told me?
He said, "I'm listening.
He left to me and just listen to me."
Shortly after that incident, I received a letter from the mother of Kevin mother, and I have that letter and I'd like to read them.
"Dear Brazilian Brides, none of the 11 of the March of March 11, and you're one of the reasons Kevin is about us.
Honestly, I think Kevin was crying for help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it has been properly medicine.
I adopted Kevin when I only had six months, completely unconscious.
Kevin is in order, as he says.
Thank God for you.
It's essentially developed with you, Narrator Berkeley."
And at the end, she wrote, "PMS when I visited the General Hospital of San Francisco that night, you would figure out how the patient.
"I know I had to do it solved."
Today, Kevin is a loving father and a active member of society.
Talk openly about the events of that day and their depression with hope that his story will inspire others.
Suicide is not just something that I've found at work.
It's personal.
My grandfather is subsidized with poison.
That act, despite finishing their own pain, I steal the opportunity to meet it.
This is what suicide does.
For most suicide people, or those who consider suicide, they wouldn't think of hurt to another person.
They just want their own pain to be done.
Usually this is just just three things: sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've answered and I've been involved in hundreds of mental illnesses and calls from suicide around the bridge.
Of those incidents that I've been directly involved, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Jason was Japan.
The other one was a man who told him about an hour.
During that time, I shook my hand in three times.
On the final press, I looked at me, and he said, "You Kevin, I sorry, but I have to go."
And he jumped away.
Horrible, absolutely horrible.
I want to tell you, though, the vast majority of the people that we get to contact on that bridge are not subsidized.
Also, those few who have jumped out of the bridge, and lived and you can talk about it, that one percent or two, most of those people have said that one or two percent or two, most of those people have said that they had made a mistake and they wanted to live.
I say to people, the bridge doesn't only connect Navy with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge that we do, is something that everyone and each and every one of us we should be striving for doing.
suicide.
There's help. There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you whatever you're not, but in your inside you know what you are, and a question marks you, how do you become that?
I must be something unique in that sense, but I'm not alone, in no way I'm alone.
When I became a model I felt that finally had achieved the dream that had been in the dream of the child.
My foreign ended up in my inner truth, with my inner self.
For complicated reasons, I will refer to you later when I look at this picture, and when I look at this picture, you get it Gene, you get it.
But the last October, I discovered that I am just beginning.
We all love our families, our religion, our society, our society in history, even our bodies.
Some of them have the value of freedom, to get rid of the constraints tax on the color of the skin or by the beliefs of those who surrounded us.
These are people who always defy the status quo -- what is considered to be accepted.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors, many of my friends, my agent, even ignore my story.
I think this phone is called reverse.
This is mine.
They recorded me as a child as a child: because of the appearance of my genitals.
I remember my five years in the Philippines, in my house, I was always wearing this shirt in my head.
And my mom asked me, "Why are you always wearing that chain in your head?
I said, "Mom, it's my hair. I'm a girl."
I knew then how to make it.
The gender has always considered an immediate fact, but now we know that, really, it's something more complex and mysterious and so on.
Because of my success, I never shared myself to share my story, not because I thought that will be wrong, but because the world deals with those of us who want to be banana.
Every day I appreciate being a woman.
I have Mom and dad and a family who will accept me as I am.
Many are not so lucky.
There's a long tradition in Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There's a Hindu goddess of the drawings.
And when I was eight years old, I was on a party in the Philippines who celebrated these mysteries of them.
I was in front of the stage, and I remember this beautiful woman appeared to me, and I remember that moment as if something would hit me -- this is the kind of woman I want to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I still dress, I met this woman called T. Talk.
It's the director of a cross-section contest of transformative.
That night she asked me, "Why haven't you seen the beauty of beauty belief?
He told me that if she participated from the instruction and the subset and the destination, he won in bathroom, he won in ball and he won third finance between over 40 candidate candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, I was inside the world of beauty.
Not a lot of people can say that their first job was the queen of beauty women, but I do.
I also met the goddess of the death, especially when we traveled to remote provinces of the Philippines.
But more important than all that, I met my best friends in that community.
In 2001, my mom had moved to San Francisco, called me and told me that I was approved and told me that they approved my green card solution.
I was resilient.
I told my mother, "Mama, I'm fun.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beauty of beauty.
But then, two weeks later, he called me and said, "You know if you moved to the United States, you can change the name and the identity of gender gender?
It was all I needed.
My mom suggested to me that I would put two and my name.
She also accompanied me when I was operating in Thailand at the age of 19 years.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand do the most prestigious and safe surgeries and safe surgery.
So at the time of the U.S., it was necessary to do surgery before they changed the name and the gender.
So in 2001, I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driver's license.
It was a great moment.
For some people, their identity document means to be able to drive or be able to get a store, but for me it was the license to live, to feel worthy of it.
Suddenly, my fears were significantly mentioned.
I felt I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and be a model.
Many are not so lucky.
I think of this woman Atlantic News.
A young woman from New York who was mostly living his truth, but weighed, he put out his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that you live.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
All 20 of the November 20, we do a global video for the Manual Transition.
I am on this stage thanks to a long story of people who fought and stood in the injustice.
These are Marshall P. Johnson and Sylvia River.
Today, at this same time, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth alone and just for me.
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame, nor fear.
I'm here, exposing me, so that someday there is no more voices in November 20 of November.
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am.
Will you do it?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.  KT: Gene, German, a quick question.
George Rock: Sure. You see, first, thank you with all my benefits.
To my support network, my parents especially, to my family, who is very strong.
I remember all of the times I've been able to remember young women, which I've been out of -- and sometimes when they call me and tell me that their parents couldn't accept it. I took the phone called my mom and said, "Mommy, you can call this woman?"
Sometimes it works, other days, so it's just gender identity, that's at the center of what we are, right?
I mean, all of us are assigned by a gender at birth, and what I try to do is put on the table, the theme that sometimes that not block, and there should be a space that would allow people to automatically automatically automatically automatically automatically engage.
The transparency movement is starting compared to gay movement.
There's still a lot of work to do.
I should have understanding.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope you all be my allies.
KS: Thank you. Very nice. GR: Thank you.
In many patriarchal societies and tribal societies, parents generally know about their kids, but I'm one of the few parents who is known to be known for their daughter, and I'm proud of it.
Malawie started his campaign for education by developing his rights in 2007, and when his efforts were amputated in 2011, when his efforts were shocked in 2011, he became very famous -- a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, it was my daughter, but now I'm his father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we take a look at the history of humanity, the story of women is the story of injustice and exploitation and exploitation and exploitation.
You see, in the patriarchal societies, just from the beginning, when by born a child, their birth is not celebrated up.
It's not welcome. Not for his father, nor for his mother.
The neighborhood comes, day his teenagers and no one happy to the father.
And one mother is overwhelmed by having a girl.
When it gives light to the first child, the first daughter, it gets sad.
When it gives light to the second daughter, it gets comfortable, and with the hope of a son, when I illuminate his third daughter, it feels guilty as a criminal.
Not just the mother, but the daughter, the daughter is born, and when it grows, it feels too.
At the age of five years, when I should go to school, it stays home and school admit to their brothers and the school admit to their siblings.
Even in the age of 12 years, somehow has a good life.
You can be fun.
It can play with your friends on the street, and you can move down the streets as a butterfly.
But when it comes into the teenager, when I go into the teenage 13 years old, it would come out of his house without a male apple.
It's confined to four walls of their house.
It's no longer a free person.
It becomes the honor of his father and his brothers and his family and his family, and if he builds the code of that honor, he could even kill it killed.
And it's interesting that this assumption of honor doesn't only affect the life of a shop, it also affects the life of male members of family.
So this brother is sacrificed by the joy of his life and the happiness of their sisters in behalf of the honor.
And there's a little more of the patriarchal societies that's called the integrity.
A good girl is supposed to be very quiet to be very quiet and very subjective.
It's the judgment.
The model of a good girl must be quiet.
It's supposed to be silent and it accepts the decisions of your father and your mother and the decisions of the elderly and even if you don't want.
If the married with a man who doesn't like or if the married with an old man, you have to accept it, because it doesn't want to be an destructive headlines.
If it was very young, you have to accept it.
Otherwise, they call it destruction.
And what happens to the end?
In words of a poet of poetry: "The married monsorous, and then give birth to more children and daughters."
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, it includes the same lesson in his daughter and the same honor lesson to her children.
And this vicious circle continues and continues.
You want brothers and sisters and sisters when I first was born, and for the first time, believe me, I don't like the newborns, to be honest, but when I was there, and I looked at his eyes, believe me, I felt incredibly honored.
And much before I was born, I thought in his name, and I was fascinated with a legendary slow struggle in Afghanistan.
His name was Malawie of Manhattan, and he called my daughter so on.
But when I looked at me, they were all men, and I grabbed my pen, and I brought a line out of my name, and I wrote a line from my name, and I wrote, "So "Saying."
And when she grew up, when she was four and a half years old, he adopted him in my school.
You might wonder, why should I mention the addition of a girl in a school?
Yes, I should mention it.
You can take it for granted in Canada, in the United States, in many developed countries, but in the poor countries, in the patriarchal societies, in tribal societies, it's a great event for child life.
It means in a school means the recognition of your identity and your name.
One addiction to school means it has entered the world of dreams and aspirations where they can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks before, when I was a Canadian visitor form, and I was on the relative part to the family, I couldn't remember the applications of some of my sisters.
And the reason was that I had never seen my sisters written in any document.
That was the reason I value my daughter.
What my father couldn't give to my sisters or his daughters, I thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate the intelligence and the saving of my daughter.
I encourage you to sit when my friends came to me.
I encourage you to go to different meetings.
And all of these values, I've tried to instill them in their personality.
And this wasn't just for her, it was just for Mala.
I've shared all of these good values in my school to girls and boys for the same.
I used education for emotion.
He taught my daughters, taught the students, to forget the lesson of the operation.
He taught students to forget the lesson called self-confidence.
They wanted brothers and sisters and sisters for more rights for women, and we struggled to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights, and in particular, for women's rights.
It was called the tank.
That means a complete denial of women's participation in all of political, economic and social activities.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
The girls were banned to go to school.
Women were forced to use veil, and they stopped going to markets.
The musicians were silent, the girls were silver and the singing singles.
They suffer millions, but some of them talked about, and it was terrifying to have those people killing and staying when you talk about their rights.
It's really frightening.
At the age of 10 years, Malawi was lifted and raised by the right to education.
I wrote a newspaper for the BBC blog, offered her herself for the New York Times, and spoke in every platform he could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It was spread as a climate around the world.
And that was the reason that the Taliban couldn't tolerate their campaign and the nine October nine of 2012, shot it out of the head.
It was a daily day for my family and for me.
The world became a great black hole.
Whereas my daughter was debating between life and death, I whispered my ear to my wife, "I must blame for what happened to my daughter, your daughter?
And he said, "Please, you don't blame you.
It stops the cause right now.
They put your life on the cause of the truth, by the cause of peace, and because of the cause of education, and the cause of education, and your daughter is inspired in you and I joined you.
They both were on the right path and God will protect it.
These few words meant a lot for me, and I didn't wonder again.
When Malawi was in the hospital, he had severe pain and he had severe pains, because his facial nerve was cut, I used to see a dark shadow that was spread by the face of my wife.
But my daughter never complained to me.
I used to say, "I'm okay with my smiles and the excitement in my face.
I'm going to get right. Please don't worry.
It was a cause for us, and it was consistent us.
You want brothers and sisters, we've learned from her how to resist at the hardest times, and I'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for children in children and women, it's like any 16 years.
He cried when he didn't end his task.
It fights with your brothers, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What about special in my tutor that has made so bold to Malawi, so brave and expertise and economist?"
I tell you, don't ask me what I did.
Ask me what I didn't do.
It doesn't cut your wings, and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
I was operated from the brain 18 years ago, and since that day, the science of the brain has become a personal passion.
I'm an engineer.
And I want to tell you that I've recently joined to the Montana group of Google, where I have had a split to my charge, and the Google visualization of Google X visualization -- but all the work I talk about today here about the science of the brain, it did before I join Google or outside my work there.
Having said this, there is a stigma when you take away an operation of brain.
Are you just like smart or not?
If it won't be like that, could you be smart?
After the neuroscience, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't gray matter, but it was the dead part of the center that creates important hormones and neuroscientists.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide what amount to take, more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything, die in a few hours.
Every day, over the last 18 years, I've had to decide about the combinations and mix of chemicals, and try to get them, to keep them alive.
More than one time I've been saving me.
But thankfully, I have an experimental soul, so I decided that I would experience to try and get the optimal doses because there's really no clear map that tells you to do it.
I started testing with different mixes and I was surprised by seeing how small changes in the dose changed my automation, my sense of who I was me, my way of thinking, my behavior with others.
A particularly impressive case for a few months, I tried dose doses and chemical chemicals for a man in the 20s and I was surprised to see how they changed my thoughts.
I was always surprising, I thought all the time in sex -- and I thought it was the smartest person all over the world, and --  -- of course, many times in the past I've met several guys like this, or maybe some of the anti-profits in the past.
It turned out as a extreme.
But my great surprise was not trying to be anger.
In fact, I was trying to actually be trying to fix a problem that had the front, and it just doesn't happen like this.
So I couldn't handle it.
I changed my doses.
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and what they have to go through. Since then I get better with men.
What I was trying to do is to adjust those hormones and neuroscientists and so on, was to recover my intelligence after the disease and the operation and my creative thinking, my creative thinking, my ideas.
I tend to think about it almost always in images, and that became my key point of reference, how I get those mental images that I use to create protectively, my ideas, if you want?
This kind of thinking is not new.
Philosophers like Hum, Descartes and Hollywood see things like that.
They thought that images and the mental ideas were the same thing.
Today there are those who question this idea, and there are lots of discussions about how the mind the mind works, for most of us, the mental imagery are fundamental to creative thinking.
So after several years, I managed to find the right point and I have lots of great mental memories -- really vivalitarian, well sophisticated mental and seriously structured mentally.
Now, I'm working on how to get right right now, these mental images of my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what would happen if a movie director was able to use their imagination only to steer the world to the world?
Or could a musician extract the music of your head?
There are incredible possibilities with this, like the way that creative people can get to share at the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to get to do this is just increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we are pretty close to getting to this with two recent experiments done by two groups in neuroscience.
They both used MRI technology, image for functional magnetic resonance -- to represent the brain. Here you can see the brain scan done by Giacoman Gangs and your Harvard colleagues and the Harvard Gange College.
The column on the left shows the scanning of a person looking at an image.
The media column shows the scanning of the brain of that same individual while I was imagining that same image.
The column on the right was created by restoring the contents of the central column on the left -- you see that the difference is almost kind.
This is repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar outcome.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same image is almost kind.
Now, let me share you another experiment. This is the Jack Gallof lab in Berkeley, California.
They managed to convert the brain waves in visual fields.
Let's put it this way.
In this experiment, it showed people hundreds of hours from YouTube videos while they were scanned their brains to create a great deal of the brain reactions to video sequences.
Then I showed them a film with new images, new people, new people, new animals, and while it was so recorded.
The computer, using just the brain information of the scale of the decided to show what seemed that the person was seeing.
On the right you can see the computers of the computer, and on the left, the video I showed you.
This left us boring.
We're pretty close to it.
We only need to improve resolution.
And now, remember, when you see an image, and when you imagine that same image, you believe in the brain the same map.
This was conducted by the brain scanning systems of the more available resolution available today, and their resolution was increased as a thousand times in the last years.
Now we need to increase the resolution for a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How do we get it?
There are lots of techniques to do it.
One is to open the skull and introduce electrodes to it.
I don't offer to that.
A lot of they're proposing new research techniques for images, even me.
conventional wisdom says that the only way of getting greater resolution is with larger magnets, but at this point, larger magnets only offer small improvements in resolution -- not increase by thousands like we need.
I propose this idea: instead of larger magnets -- let's make better magnets.
We can create a lot more complex structures with slightly different arrangements.
And why does this matter?
In the last few years, a lot of effort in the MRI effort was to make really big, right?
However, most recent advances in the recent breakthroughs are refugee and brilliant and brilliant solutions in coding.
At the same time, instead of an uniform magnetic field, we use magnetic patterns attached to FM structured magnetic patterns.
So by combining the magnetic patterns with the patterns of the FM processing processing patterns of the IMF radio processing that can be extracted in a single scale.
In addition, we can then divide our growing knowledge on the structure of the brain and the memory to create the increase in the thousands we need.
When we use American MRI, we should be able to measure not just oxygen fluid, but the hormones and neuroscientists that I've mentioned and perhaps even the direct neural activity -- this is sleep.
We will be able to fly our ideas directly into digital media.
Can you imagine if we could pass over language and communicate directly through the thinking?
What would we be capable of?
And how do we learn to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter?
You think the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be irresistible to use it as a tool of a tool to amplify our skills and communication.
Certainly, this same tool could lead to the cure of Alzheimer's and similar diseases.
We have few choices more than opening this door.
Anyway, they pick up a year, going on in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine that it will take a lot more.
We need to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you tonight about coming out of the closet, and not just a traditional sense, not just the gay closet.
I think we all have argues.
His closet, perhaps to tell someone for the first time that I or tell someone who is pregnant to someone who's pregnant, or telling someone who has cancer, or any difficult conversation that you have attracted in life.
All argument is a difficult conversation, and even though our issues can vary tremendously -- the experience of having lived and coming out of that closet.
Day fear, and we don't like to happen.
A lot of years ago, I worked on the South Side White California, a restaurant in the city and being there, I had to bring several stages from the intensity of lighting military military intensity -- not to radiate my armpits of And to quote the letters of Ann di France.
And I will be pretend that by the hotel of my short storyteller, and to have held my head recently, I would usually ask me a little boy, "Hey, you're a young child, "Hey, you're a kid or a girl?
And it would appear an uncomfortable silence on the table.
I would take my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a rabbit left.
The father would immediately hold the newspaper and the mother to a cold look at his son.
But I wouldn't say anything, and I'm going to do it inside.
And I came to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three to 10 years, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised the next time I would say something.
It would have that difficult conversation.
So after a few weeks, again.
"Are you a kid or a girl?
A family silence -- but this time I was prepared and I was about to get in the female issues on the table.  I had the quote of Betty French.
The Gloria Stanford quotes.
Even a fragment of the "Vagina Monologues," I would show up.
So I would breathe holding and I looked at my four-year-olds and my four year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at what is not a challenge for a feminist door, just a girl with a question: "Are you a kid or girl?
So I was breathing around again again, and I was like, "Hey, I know this is a confused thing.
I have the short hair as a kid, and I see ship clothes, but I'm a girl, and you know, as well as you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a red piece of computer pajamas.
Well, I'm more than the girl of a common pajamas.
And that girl looked at me looking at attention, paying attention, and he said, "My favorite pajamas.
Can you give me a package, please?
And that was it. Just like, "Oh, OK. You're a girl.
What about the park that I asked?
It was the easiest conversation of all that I've ever had.
Why? Because the girl of the tank and I, both of us were honest with the other.
So as many of us, I've lived in some sands in my life, and yes, I often, my walls used to be a rainbow.
But within the dark, you can't know what color is the walls.
You only know how a living feels living in a closet.
That's how my closet is not different than you or your army or your own.
So surely I'm going to give you 100 reasons why you get out of my closet, and it was harder to get out of your own, but this is the thing: The hard thing is not relative is relative.
The hard is hard.
Who can tell me that explain to someone who has declared in a broken bank is harder to say that it's been familiar?
Who can tell me that this story is harder than telling your five year-old son that you're going to divide?
There's no more difficult thing, there's just the hard.
We need to stop classifying what it's difficult to do with respect to the other person to make us feel better or worse in relation to our closet, and we need just to feel empathy because we all live something hard to live out.
At some point in our lives, we all live in arguments, and you can make it feel security, or at least more security than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you that no matter what your walls are made -- an argument is not a place to live.
Thank you.  Imagine itself 20 years ago.
I, that I had a horse tail, a dress and shoes of high tape.
It wasn't the military limb prepared to fight any four years to go into the coffee.
I was frozen by fear of my dark shrimp on a corner of my dark shrimp by my graduate gay, and moving only a muscle is the most terrifying thing I've ever done.
My family family, my friends, complete complete with whom I spent my entire life trying to not define them, and now the world turned around to purpose.
I was burning the pages of a script that we've all followed for so long, but if you don't launch that big, it will kill you.
One of my most memorable launches was in the wedding of my sister.
It was the first time that many among the guests knew that I was gay, and by making my honor drivers of honor in my black dress and tails -- I walked around the tables and finally I came to the tables where my parents were in my parents' friends, people who met me for years.
And after speaking a moment, one of the women was like, "I love Nathan Lank."
And the gay bank battle had begun.
"Have you ever been in the Castele" once you're in the Castele?
"Well, yeah, the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco.
"Well, we have never been there, but we've heard it's fantastic."
"And said, "Do you know my static Atlantic statistical?
It's very good and never talked about having bread."
"Ah, what is your favorite TV program?
Our favorite program Will and Grace Gray.
And you know who you love it?
Jack is our favorite."
And then a woman, declared but a woman, described her support, to make me know that I was on my side, finally said that I was on my side, "Well, sometimes my husband uses pink water."
And I had an opportunity at that time, like all of the great grade launches.
Now, it could have been easy to indicate where they felt remarkably.
It's not very difficult to find out and realize the fact that they were writing.
And what else can you ask somebody, but will you do?
If you're going to be authentic with somebody, you have to be prepared for how authentic you get.
It's just like the difficult conversations follow without being my strong point.
Ask anybody who I have come out.
But I'm getting better, and I follow what I like to call the Three Pennsyles Civil.
Now, please see this through gay perspective, but understand that what it implies to coming out of any closet.
Number one: Be authentic.
Take the subjective. Be yourself. Be yourself.
That girl in the coffee had no armed, but I was ready for the battle.
If you want somebody to be genius, others must know that we also suffer.
Number two: Be directly. Be directly.
If you know they're gay, it.
If you say to your parents that maybe might be gay, they will keep the hope that that could change.
They don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more importantly,   They leave the complex.
You communicate their truth.
They never apologize for that.
And some of them can come out of sure, they get out of what they've done, but they never apologize for what they are.
And yes, maybe some of you will feel definitely, but that something in them, not in you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not from you.
The only story that matters is what you want to write.
So the next time you find out in a dark, you have to know that we've all been there before.
And you may feel very alone, but they're not.
Thank you, Booh. Enjoy the window.
intelligence, what is that?
If we look at the story of how intelligence has seen -- a productive example has been the famous quote of Defense Dishimina that "The question of whether a machine can think is as interesting as the question of whether a sub can swim.
When Defense Shake wrote this thing as a criticism to the pioneers of computing as Alan Turkey.
And so, a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms underlying intelligence.
Let's go back a walk.
We first start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that they're from an alien race, which you don't know anything about the biology of Earth and Earth neuroscience and the Earth, but they have incredible telescopes, and you can look at the Earth, and they have incredibly long telescopes, so you can see the Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as terrorists, we know that the reason we are trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you're from an alien race that doesn't know anything about it, which has no concept about the intelligence of the Earth, they would be forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how, to some point in time, the asteroids that demonstrate the surface of a single planet stop doing it.
And so I claim that this is the same question than the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that led to a several years ago, I analyzed a variety of issues through science, through various disciplines, who pointed out, I think, towards a single underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In cosmology -- for example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be finally adjusted to the development of intelligence, and, in particular, for development states that maximize diversity of the possible future.
Finally, in the local robotic movement, there has been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to leverage the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks.
And so, taking all these different issues and putting them together, I asked, for a few years, there is a underlying mechanism for the intelligence that we can extract from all of these different themes?
Is there just an equation for intelligence?
And I think the answer is yes. What you're looking at is probably the closest equivalent to one and a half to the intelligence that I have seen.
So what you're seeing here is a statement that intelligence is a force, F, that acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action, or keep open choices, with a force T with you, with the diversity of possible future future, yes, to an impending future, yes.
In few words, intelligence doesn't like to be trapped in.
intelligence tries to maximize the future freedom of action and maintaining open options.
And so having this equation, this equation is natural question: What can you do with this?
How predictable is it?
Do you predict the level of human intelligence?
Are the artificial intelligence predicting?
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: Recent research research has suggested that the universes that produce more destruction, or entrepreneur," for their life should be trend to more favorable conditions for the existence of beings like us.
But what if that temptation technical connection between entropy and intelligence is a deeper relationship.
What if smart behavior isn't only correlated with the long-term entropy production, but actually arises directly from it?
To find out, we've developed a software engine called Electrical, designed to maximize the long-term entropy in any system where it is inside.
Surprisingly, Italian could spend multiple animal testing, playing human games, and even earning money by making action, all of it without being asked to do that.
Here are some examples of Electrical in action.
Like a foot of foot without slowing down, here we see Italian balancing automatically by using a cartoonist.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave a goal.
I just decided for his story to balance it.
This balance ability to have applications for human robotics and human assistance technologies.
This use of use of tools to have applications in smart manufacturing and agriculture.
In addition, just like some other animals can cooperate by pulling out of the extreme opposite of a rope at the same time to release the food, here we see Electrical can do a version of that task.
This cooperation of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other fields.
Italian is widely applicable to a variety of domain.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a game on it against itself, illustrate its potential for the game.
Here we see Electrical new connections in a social network where friends are constantly disconnected and keeps successful network with the net connected network.
This same capacity of network organization also has applications in health care, in energy and intelligence.
Here we see Italian organizing the routes of a battle flower, discovering successfully and using the Panama Canal to expand the world of Palm to the Pacific to the Pacific to the Pacific to the Pacific.
In the same way, Italian is widely applicable to problems on autonomous and logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see Italian spontaneously discover and execute a shopping strategy, given in a simulated series of negotiation in a simulated series of action negotiation in the active destination.
This risk of risk management will have broad applications in finance and safe approaches.
Alex Bush, what you've seen is that a variety of brands of cognitive human behaviors such as the use of tools and the use of tools and social cooperation, all of them coming from one equation, which leads to a system to maximize its system to maximize its future freedom of action.
Now, here's a profound irony here.
So let's go back to the beginning of the term the robot "Retreator: "The Rouse worker, there was always the concept that if we develop smart machines, there would be a cyber rebellion relevant.
The machines will wake up against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades, we've had all the concept of the cyber relevant to the investment.
It's not that the machines first become smart and then membranes and they try to get out of the world.
It's all the opposite, that the impulse of taking control of all possible future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence of intelligence, that general intelligence can actually arise out directly to take control of the control, instead of being the reverse.
Another important consequence is the search of the goal.
And I often ask me, "How do you look for targets in this kind of framework?
My equivalent to that statement is to go through the descendants to help them build artificial intelligence or help them understand human intelligence, and it's the following: intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom and avoid the constraints in its own future.
Thank you very much.
We are at an inflection point in human history, something between the contact of stars and losing the planet we call "home."
Although, in the last few years, we have expanded our knowledge of how Earth Earth is in the context of the universe.
The NASA Missister has discovered thousands of possible planets that orbit around other stars, which is pointing to Earth is only one between the billions of planets of our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the luminous intensity of stars when planets go ahead in front of them, and blocking a little bit of that light that comes in.
The data collected by Kepler shows the size of planets on the planets besides the distance and their mother's mother.
And in short, this helps us to understand whether these planets are small and recorded as the planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light that they get from their solar systems.
In turn, this gives clues about whether these planets that we find are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, while we're finding this teacher of potentially habitable worlds -- our own planet is falling under the weight of humanity.
Year 2014, it was the most hot record.
Glaciers and ice ice that have been with us for millennia now they're disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we have caused a global scale to have overcome our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not a scientist, and I'm not astronomically.
I study the planning of the planet influenced by the stars, with the hope to find places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say that I look for alien opportunities in the income sector.
Now, as someone very interested in the search of life in the universe, I can tell you that the more planets similar to Earth, more enjoy from our own planet.
Every one of these new worlds invites a comparison between the planet and the world discovered and the planets that we know better, our solar system.
Let's take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small and rock and despite being a little bit further from the Sun, can consider a potentially habitable world showing this by a mission like the Kepler Kepler.
In fact, it is possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and in part, it is why we study so much to Mars.
Our books like the "Carter resurrect their surface to look for clues on the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit the organization, like the Mandela mission, take samples of the Martian atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their heating.
private companies now offer not just short space flights but also the ability to live on Mars.
But even though all of these Martian images remind us of the desert of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with cutting-edge ideas and pioneers in comparison with Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Let's take the extension areas of our planet that still still collecting, places really rare places compared to Mars.
Even in the most dry and most elevated places on Earth, the air is fresh and surrounded by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I worry that this enthusiasm by the colonization of Mars and other passing planets with me with a big and sad shadow: the implications and the belief of some of the people that Mars will expect to save us from this infected authority of the only planet we know that it's truly habitable, the Earth.
As much as I like the international exploration, I'm deep disagreement with this idea.
There are many good reasons to go to Mars, but Mars will be there to save humanity is like to imagine that the Tatto captain will be going on later on in the wild.   Thank you. Thank you.
But the targets for international exploration and land preservation is not controversially.
No, they're actually faces of the same monkey: the goal of understanding and preserve and improve life in the future.
The extreme environments present in our world lights as extraterrestrial panels.
They just find closer to home.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in the hostile areas and injection areas of the Earth, we may be able to satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment -- Fermen paradox.
A lot of years ago, the British physicist Ferme said, considering that our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope that there are a lot of planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of the existence of alien life so far.
Well, where are they?
Well, one possible solution to the Fermi paradox is that when civilizations become advanced enough to be technologically advanced by the stars, they lose the notion of how important it is to protect the origin of planets that drive this development.
It's arrogant to think that only institutional colonization will save us from ourselves, but planetary preservation and international exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to follow the hostile environments of Mars for human presence, then we should be able to overcome the even easier task to preserve the ability on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I added my own home.
And as I was on the front porch looking at my pockets, I realized I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could look at the window that they were at the table, in the dining table, where he had left them.
So fast tried to open all of the other doors and windows and all of them were very close to closed.
I thought about calling a cardiologist, at least I had my cell phone, but in midnight, a closed cry could spend a long time to come in, and made a cold.
I couldn't go home from my friend of Jeff to night because I had an early flight flight to Europe because I had an early flight to Europe and my male.
It would be expensive, but sure I was not more expensive than a half a night, so I thought, despite the circumstances, I would go out well.
I'm a professor neuroscience and I know a little bit about how the brain works.
Cortex liberal that increases heart rhythm, model levels and clouds of thinking about thinking.
And when I got to the death show, I realized I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I began to ask myself, if there was something that I could do, systems that could put in their place, that prevent bad things.
Or at least, if bad things happen.
So I started thinking about that, but even a month later, my thoughts didn't crystallize.
I was saying with my colleague Danny Kanzi, Kanzi Pandoratta won from the Nobel Prize and a little bit embarrassed to her I broke the window, and he had forgotten my passport. And Danny shared with me that had been practicing something called prosperity responsibility.
It's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Kleiner, who had written this a few years before known as a premise.
Everybody knows what the poster is.
Every time there is a disaster, a team of experts comes and tries to figure out what came wrong, right?
In the president, as Danny explained. You look forward and tries to find out all the things that you might go wrong, and then you try to figure out what you can do to prevent things like that happen or minimize to you to figure out what you can do to you to make things happen.
So what I want to talk to you about is some things that we can do in the form of a president.
Some of them are evident, others are not so evident.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the house, it will figure out a place for things that you lose easily.
This sounds of common sense, and it is, but there's a lot of science supporting this thesis -- based on how our space memory works.
There's a structure in the brain called hypothetical that has evolved over thousands of years, to make a follow-up of the location of things that are important things, where the good, where the fish, which puts the fruit trees, where you live your friends and your enemy.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that goes up in London.
It's the part of the brain that allows you to find your nuts.
And if you ask if someone really did the experiment, they cut the solar sense of the shoes and yet they could find their nuts.
They didn't use the smell of open, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason for losing keys of the car, gestures of reading and passions.
So at home, they define a place for the keys, a hook next to the door, maybe a decorative dish.
It's for his passport.
For their glasses, a particular threat.
If you get a place and you are scratches with it, your things will always be there when you look at them.
What about trips?
Take a picture of your credit cards, license to driving, passion, send it by email to itself so you're in the cloud.
If these things lose or steal them, this can ease sustainability.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when you're under stress, the brain releases current.
Correction is toxic and it shines thinking.
So part of the practice premise is to recognize that under stress, we will not be at least to put the systems on their site.
And there's perhaps not more stressful than when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we're all going to be in that situation, to have a very important decision about the future of our medical care or the future of a war, to help them with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'll talk about a very particular medical infection.
But this is written as a property for all of a medical decisions, and in fact for financial decision and social decisions and social decisions, any decision you have to take away from a rational assessment of the facts.
So suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I have received the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little bit high."
They all know that the high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease, heart attack attack of brain.
So you're thinking that -- having the high cholesterol is not the best, then the doctor says, "I'd like to give up a drug that will help us reduce the cholesterol a station."
And you may have heard about the statistics, and you know that it's one of the most recent drugs in the world today.
So you think, "Yes, the resource is station."
But there's a question that should be done then, so a statistic that is supposed to be asking most of the physicians to do not want to talk, and pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for the NYU, the number needs treatment.
And what is this this?
It's the number of people who need to take a drug or take surgery in any medical procedure before you help one person.
And should you think about what kind of statistics disappeared is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor wouldn't take me something if it wasn't to help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not the doctor, and if it's fault from somebody, it's scientists like me.
We haven't understood the underlying mechanisms very well.
But the Starbucks of Gelennia that 90 percent of drugs work only about 30 to 50 percent of the people.
So the number that I need to do is to treat the most widely accurate season.
How many people have you taking to do before you help a person?
300.
This is according to the research of cynical researchers Jeremy Grove and Pamela Harriet, confined independently by Blackberry.
I just explore numbers.
300 people have to take drug for a year before you avoid a single heart attack, a brain attack, or another adverse event.
Now maybe you think, "Well, one probability in 300 of us going down my cholesterol.
Why not, doctor, mention the recipe anyway.
But then you have to ask for a more statistical statistics, and it's "Hello effects? Right?
For this particular drug, high school effects are produced in five percent of patients.
And those include terrible things: delicate pain -- muscle pain and article pain, but now they think, "The five percent is not very likely to go to me, still taking the medicine.
But a moment.
Remember that under stress don't think of clearly.
So think of how they associate this over time, so they don't have to do the relationship chain at the act.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped to have a person -- five percent of the 300 have side effects, and that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to get rid of the drug that helps you to help your medicine.
I don't say they should not take the station.
I just say you must have this conversation with your doctor.
medical ethic requires it, it's part of the beginning of informed consent.
We have right to access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take the risks or not.
They're probably thinking that I've launched this number in the air for the value of the crash, but this number needs to be quite typical.
For surgery that most of you in the middle of 50, extraction of prostate prostate -- the number required to treat is 49.
That's what it is, 49 surgeries for a person who has help.
And the side effects in that case, they produce in 50 percent of patients.
Those include the imperative or eradication of erectile intelligence, ordinary income, oil income income incident.
And if you get lucky, and it's one of that 50 percent of effects will only last one year or two.
So the idea of premise is to think about time questions that you can think of to drive the conversation forward.
You don't have to make all of this in the act.
And they also want to think of the quality of life.
Because you have an option many times, you want a shorter life free of pain, or a longer life that might have a lot of pain to the end?
These are the things they talk about and think about now, with their family and their loved ones.
They can change the heat of the moment, but at least one is trained in this kind of thinking.
Remember, our brain releases under stress, and one of the things that happens at the moment is that they turn up a bunch of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
Face to face with a predators, you don't need the digestive system, or the freedom or the immune system, because if the body is spending the metabolism in those things, it doesn't react to quickly. You could become the lunch of lions -- so nothing matters.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes on the window during those moments is the rational logical thinking, like Danny Kanzi and his colleagues have shown.
So we have to train ourselves to think about the future of these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we are all defenders.
We're all going to fail in time.
The idea is to think of the future how they might be those failures, to put the systems in the place that will help us minimize the damage or to prevent the bad things to happen in the first place.
Reconciliation night at Montana, when I came back from my journey, my contractor installed me a corner of combination next to the door, with a combination of the entrance door in the same, an easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters that I have not ordered -- and lots of emails I have no loss.
So I'm not very organized, but I see organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: Party, "Picture is my favorite music.
It means playing subtle.
If you're playing a musical instrument, and you see a "Picture in the score, you need to play more substantially.
Two steal, even more sound.
Four stem, extremely smooth.
This is my drawing from a steal tree, there you see it doesn't matter how many thousands and thousands of sightest may have never come to a complete silence.
That's my current silence of silence -- a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American American system, the ALS, besides a little bit of my own story.
French signs came in during the 1800s and over the time, and over time, it mixes with local signs, and the language is developed that we today know like ALS.
So it has a story of about 200 years.
I was born deaf, and they taught me to believe that sound wasn't a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
However, I now realize that it's not true at all.
Sound is a very important part of my life, they're really in my mind every day.
As a deaf person who lives in a world of sound, it's like I lived in a foreign country, and it's just like I lived in a foreign country, and being subsequently in the foreign country, behaviors, behaviors and norms without them.
So how do I understand sound?
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my altitudes and amplify the sound.
Learning and copy that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sound, and I've seen how people answer.
So I've learned for example.
"Don't hide the door.
"Don't make a lot of noise in the front of the potato piece of chips."
"Don't embrace, and when you're eating, make sure not to stand on the plates."
This whole thing called sound "standard."
I might think of the sound tag more than the average person does.
I'm super surrounding the sound.
And I'm always waiting for the sound to be the sound, which is about coming next.
From there, this drawing.
TBP: To decide to do.
BC: So they will continue.
Twitter, for anxiety.
You can see the pandemic doesn't have notes on the lines.
That's because the lines already contain sounds through subtle and shipping bones.
In deaf culture, movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the sign sign in the ALS.
A typical painter has five lines.
However, to me, to me, to my thumb -- so it doesn't feel natural.
That's why in my drawings, I only have four lines on the paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic resistance there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painting.
During this summer, I visited museums and different galleries of different galleries as I went from one place to me, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that time, the sound was the trend and that was called the attention.
There was no visual art, everything was hearing.
Now sound has entered my art territory in art.
Is me going to give me more than art?
I realized he doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that not only are you experienced through the ears.
I can feel it in a tactile way, or experience visually or even as an idea.
So I decided to reclaim the property of sound and integrate it into my artistic practice.
And everything that had taught me about sound, I decided to leave it and understand it.
I started creating a new body of work.
And when I was introduced to the artistic community, I was amazed with the amount of support and attention.
I realized that sound is like money, power, control, social currency.
At the bottom of my mind, I always felt that sound was oblivious -- it was something of a listener person.
And the sound is so powerful that well I could well get rid of me and my artistic work, or I could be able to empower me.
I chose to empower me.
There's a massive culture around spoken language.
And only because I don't use my literal voice to communicate to the eyes of society is like no voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support myself and become my voice.
So I'm capable of being able to be relevant in today's society.
So in school, in school and institutions, I work with many different performers of ALS.
And his voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be heard.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, by asking you their voices, I'm able to maintain a temporary form of value, something like taking a loan with a very high interest rate.
If I wouldn't keep this practice, I feel that could be defending in the forgotten and not having any kind of social value.
So with sound like my new artistic medium in the world of music.
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and ALS.
For example, a musical note can't be captured and expressed in the paper.
And the same thing can tell you about a concept in ALS.
The two are very spatial and highly modified what it means that subtle changes can affect all of the meaning of the signals like the sound.
I'd like to share a metaphor from the piano to get better how the ALS works.
So, imagine a piano.
The ALS is split in many different gravitational parameters.
If you assign a different parameters to each finger while you touch the piano, like facial expression, the body movement, the speed, the speed, and the shape and the hand and the shape and the way you touch the piano, the English is a linear language.
However, the ALS is more like a short, and you need the 10 fingers in the simultaneous to express a clear concept or an interest in ALS.
If only a keyboard would change the accelerator, it would create a completely different meaning.
The same thing happens with music in terms of tone and females and volume.
In ALS, using these different graphic parameters, you can express different ideas.
For example, the signal takes on it."
This is the sign signal."
I'm looking at you.
Looking at it at all.
Oh, I was carried.
Oh, Oh.
What are you looking at?
Oh, a state."
So I started thinking, and if I see the ALS through the lens of music?
If I had to create a sign and repeated it over and over again, it could become like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the sign of "down?" The sun goes out and put it out.
This is all day."
If you repeat it and reduce the speed, it visually looks like a piece of music.
All day.
I feel that same thing can say the same thing.
"All night.
This is all night, in this drawing.
And this led me to think about three different types of night, "Again," "Again, "Again "now?"  "All night.
I feel that third has more musical than the other two.
This represents how time you express time in ALSA, and how the distance in the body can express changes over time.
For example, one hero. It's a hand, two hands, it's two hands, the present gets closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body, and the past is on the back.
So the first example is a long time ago.
Then then "Many "And then "Many "And the last "guess?" and the last one, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea.
"The common time." It's a musical term with a specific rate of four times by companies.
However, when I see the word time." I think automatically in the same time."
Look at MIT, right hand. My right hand.
We have the painting through the head and the chest.
(Cash "come " M.D. "Camera garden -- "Mountain Common -- I'm going to show you a form of my hand called "Phone "a Flag flag."
Can you do it with me?
All hands.
Now we're going to do so much in your head as a chest, something like common time."
Yeah, very good.
That means "movement in the international system.
The international system, as a notice, is visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and signs of signs around the world.
The second I'd like to show you is this: Please do it with me over again.
And now this.
It means collection in the ALS.
Now, the third. Please take me back again.
And again, again.
It's flexibility in the ALS.
We're going to do the three together.
"Leading and "discovery and "clip."
Good job.
Look at how three signs are very similar. They all happen in the head and chest. But they transmit very different meanings, very different meaning.
It's amazing to see how the ALS is alive and pressure, just like music.
However, today, we live in a very artificial world.
And only because the ALS doesn't have sound, automatically it has no social value.
We need to start questioning what social value defines and allow the ALS to develop their own value, without sounds.
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society.
And maybe people understand that you don't have to be deaf, to learn ALS. Not to hear for learning music.
The ALS is a rich testing, and I'd like them the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience of our visual language.
And you never know, you can just fall in love with us.
Thank you.
Dennet Kakowsoppers: Hey, that's me.
As a child, my parents said, "You can scan it everything, but then you have to wipe it out.
freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination took me all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in an innocent bubble or an ignorance bubble to say, because adults lie to protect us from the horrible truth.
When I get older, I find out that adults also evaluate and they're not very good at cleaning each other.
The time country, I'm now an adult and a citizen teaching citizen and invention at Hong Kong.
You don't want to wait for my students to walk in the beach with lots of trash with lots of trash lots.
So like good citizens, we clean the beach, and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if it is.
It's sad to tell you, but today more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's a super-profit thing.
And in the last decades, we've been walking out of these big boxes and networks, to collect those plastic chunks to them under the microscope, and we classify them and we collect this information on a map.
But it lasts an eternity and it's very expensive and it's also very expensive, and it's also very risky to use those huge boats.
So along with my students, with ages of six to 15 years, we dream to invent a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a shop.
We started building this task of advanced height, so that kids very low can also participate.
And I'll tell you, kids who manipulate electric tools are really cool and secure.
Not exactly exactly.
Let's go back to the plastic.
We collect plastic and we reduce it to the size that we find it in the ocean, which is very small, because of its fragment.
That we do.
I leave you to the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to combine them in something we expect it to work.
We decided instead of collecting plastic pieces, we only collect information.
Through the use of a robot, we take a picture of this plastic -- kids are excited to the robots.
Then we quickly create what we call "a prototype."
We are so fast in creating prototypes that we ended before lunch.
And we transform lights and web cameras and we assemble it in a floating robot that will move slowly through the water and by the plastic we have there, and this is the image captured by the robot.
We see plastic chunks slowly floating through the sensor while the computer on the board will process this image and measure the size of every particle, to get an estimated estimate of the amount of plastic in water.
We documented this invention step on a website for inventors called "Researchers," with the hope that somebody else is even better.
The cool thing in this project is that students saw a local problem, and they are trying to solve it immediately.
I can investigate my local problem: But my students in Hong Kong are very well informed.
You see the news, they take the Internet, and they have this image.
A child, maybe less than 10 years, cleaning a oil spill -- just using the hands of oil, just using hands, in Swarms, the largest mangrove in the world in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water you drink, it's the water where you be beaten, the water where you live.
You can see the water is brown, and the water and oil is also brown, and when everything is mixed up, it's very difficult to see what's in the water.
But there is a simple technology called special, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We build a very first prototype prototype that can flow through all kinds of substances that produce different species, which can help identify what's in the water.
We outfitted this prototype with a sensor and sent it to Bangladesh.
The cool thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or analyzing a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help a remote shape to other children.
"I can investigate a problem at a distance. I was forced to do a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little bit further, maybe I will tackle a harder problem, and also closer to me.
I'm a half Japanese and half French and maybe remember, that in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that they trigger various giant waves, called testing, and those tsunami tsunami and those tsunami shows several cities on the east coast of Japan.
Over 14,000 people died in an instant.
It also gives the nuclear nuclear power plant of Fukushima -- a nuclear central center.
And today, according to the reports today, an average of 300 tons.
Today, the whole Pacific Ocean has pollutant frames by 1750.
If we go to the West coast, we can measure the radiation of Fukushima everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most of the time, it has a safe aspect of it, it's blue.
Well, reality is a little more complicated than that.
I have returned to Fukushima every year from the accident and researcher investigated with other scientists, the land, the river, and this time we wanted to take the kids.
Of course, we didn't take them, parents didn't allow it.
But every night we report the control center -- here's the use of different mask.
It might seem like they didn't take the work seriously, but they did it because they're going to have to live with the radiation all their lives.
Together with them we discussed the data collected that day and talk about what we were going to do next, strategies -- the strategies, and so on.
And to do this, we create a rudimentary technical map of the region around the nuclear power plant.
We created the map of elevation map, we introduced penguins. In real time of radioactivity, and we recorded water to simulate the rain.
So with this, we could notice that the radioactive dust was filtered from the top of the mountain to the river system, and it was released in the ocean.
It was an approximate estimate.
But based on this we organized a civil expedition -- the nearest close to nuclear central expectancy.
We came up to us until 1.5 miles away from the nuclear central center, and with the help of fishing in the area we were collecting sea second with a sediment tracking as we invented and built.
Here we see a progression, we've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, to a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also with open source technologies.
But at the same time, it's been increasingly frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve problems.
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent better ways of doing all these things.
So the classroom became a little bit small, so we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and we turned it into the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact.
It's in Hong Kong Center, and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal, chemistry, a little bit of biology, basically, you can build it almost all of there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where children in children can become reality of adults, and where adults can be kids again.
Students: Advice: Accelerator."
Can Harvard Harven: We asked questions like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For example.
Or can we help in the mobility of the advanced age population transforming their wheelchair into new electric vehicles in new electrical vehicles.
Plastic and oil and radiation are terrible legal legal, but the worst legacy we can leave to our children are lies.
We can't afford to protect kids from horrible truth, because we need their imagination to invent the solutions.
So scientific citizens, creative, sources, we need to prepare the next generation to be worried about the environment and the people, and so it can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twin caps, two radically opposite design cultures.
One is made out of thousands of pieces of steel pieces, the other one of a single silk.
One is synthetic synthetic, the other organic one.
One is impose about the environment, the other thing.
One is designed by nature, the other one.
Minister Angeles said that when he looked at the marketing in brother, he saw a figure that fight for being free.
The concept was only only tool of Michelangelo Angele.
But living are not concentrated.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, the cells, the cells, we take all the information required for every cell to work and to replicate and to reproduce.
tools also have consequences.
At least from the Industrial Revolution, the design world has been dominated by the manufacturing and production world production.
The assembly lines have dictated a world made of parts of the images and taking the imagination of designers and trained architects to think of their objects as search of discrete parts with different functions.
But you don't find out of support material materials in nature.
Think of the human skin, for example.
Our facial skin are thin hands with dialogue pieces.
The backs of the back are more thick with little posters.
You act primarily as a filter filter, the other primarily as a barrier, and yet it's the same skin, there's no parts, no self-confidence.
It's a system that gradually vary its functionality through the variation of electricity.
Here's a divided screen that represents my worldview, the double personality of every designer and the double personality of every designer and the gene, between the machine and the organism, between the machine and the growth, between the self-assembly and the growth, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere, and the right, analysis and synapses, shows in the two screens after me.
My work, at its simplest level, tries to unite these two visions of the world, moving from assembly and reaching to growth.
You probably have to ask, "Why now?
Why could it not be possible 10 or even five years ago?
We live in a very special moment in history, a weird moment, where they build four disciplines that offer designers access to the tools we never had access to designers we never had.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I created.
Please know the minds and my hands of my students.
We design objects, products, structures and tools and tools through scale, such as this robotic arm with a 24 meters of diameter with a 24-year-old scope that someday very far not very far to print buildings that someday not very far to print buildings in the dark.
So here we reinvent the skull, an archetype of the ancient Arab architecture, and has created a screen where every aperture is a unique size to model the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explore the possibility of creating a layer and a false. This was for a Paris detail from Paris with Iran van Van van -- it's like a second skin made from one piece, rid of the contents, flexible around the waist.
Together with a 3D 3D printing collaborator, we print this layer and strangely fall 3D false without the cells. I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet is combined materials and soft materials in the resolution of 20 minutes.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution.
That designers have access to this highly resolution and synthetic instruments, allowing them to design products that are adapted not only the shape of our bodies, but also physiological structure of our tissues as well.
We've also designed an acoustic chair, a chair at the time structural and also embraced sound.
Professor Carter Martin, my collaborator went back to nature to inspire -- and by designing this proper pattern, it becomes sustainable.
We print this surface from 44 different properties, which vary in risk and opportunities and color, corresponds to pressure points in the human body.
Their surface, like in nature, vary its functionality not through the addiction of another material or another self-esteem, but by saving continuously and deliberately the material property.
But is it ideal nature?
There are no parts in nature?
I didn't believe in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories of the Hebrew Bible, and one of them left me and came to define a lot of what mattered to me.
As she says, "In the third day of creation, God sent to the Earth will grow a professional fruit tree.
For that first fruit tree, there would be no difference between trial, branches and leaves and fruit.
The whole tree was a fruit.
Instead, the land made the trees growing trees with branches and corresponds, balls and flowers.
The land created a world made from parts.
I often ask myself, "What would it be the design if objects were made from one piece of piece?
Could we go back to a better state of creation?
So we look for the biblical material, the kind of material tree of the fruit tree, and we find it.
The second more abundant biologist on the planet is called a dialogue, and about 100 million tons of tons is produced every year by organisms like shrimp, crabs and shocks, butterflies.
We thought that if we could tune their properties, we could generate multi-performing structures in one piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it legal marketing.  We lose a lot of charges of shrimp, we move them out of subjection.
Several chemical concentrations -- we've been able to achieve a broad range of properties, from dark, hard and opaque, light and transparent and transparent and transparent.
To print the structures at large scale, a system was built with multiple controlled short short shortcuts.
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the march and create these single structures made from one material about three meters long, 100 percent recycled.
When the pieces are ready, they let them dry up to find a natural shape to the contact with air.
So why do we keep designing with plastic?
The air bubbles who were a byproduct of the printing process were used to contain physical microorganisms, for the first time on the planet about 3.5 billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and the MIT, we put the bacteria genetically designed in to capture the rapidly carbon and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that make their transition without travel to bad, and if it gets even more, to windows.
A fruit card tree.
Working with an ancient material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water and with a little bit of synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made of shrimp in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here's the best part of it, for the objects designed to biodegrade, put them in the sea, will feed marine life -- and put it on the ground, will help grow a tree.
The advance for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system.
We look for the possibility of clothing clothes to keep life for international travel.
To do that, we need to dominate bacteria and control their flow.
Just like the periodic table, we did our own table table, new forms of life -- new forms of life created computers and investigated in biological form.
I like to think of synthetic biology as liquid algorithm, only instead of making precious metals -- they synthesize -- new biological functionality is synthesized within very small channels.
This field is called microscope.
We print our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothes, two microorganisms, two microscopes.
The first is carbon.
It lives in our oceans, and in fresh water stations.
And the second one, E. Color, the bacteria that inhabit the human intestine.
One turns the light into sugar, the other consumer consumes and produces useful biofuels for the environment.
But these two microscopes don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of clothes.
Think about it as evolution, not for natural selection, but evolution by design.
To contain these relationships, we have created a single channel that resembles the digestive tract that will help them flow these bacteria and they will alter their way into the road function.
So we started to grow those channels in the human body, by looking at the properties of the material according to the desired functionality material.
If we wanted more photosynthesis, we designed more transparent channels.
This profitable digestive system, when you stretch from one end to the other, is about 60 meters.
This is half the length of a football field and 10 times more than our delivery interest.
And here it is, as a TED minister, our first portable physical, crazy liquid channels with life inside the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Shell said, "We are community creatures, only half a half.
What if design will provide the other half.
What if we could create structures that increase living matter?
What if we could create personal microbes that would scan our skin, would they repair the damaged tissue, and sustain our bodies out of the body?
Think about this as a way of editing biology.
I call this material ecology.
So for that, you always have to go back to nature.
Now, you know that a 3D printer printed material into layers.
You also know that nature doesn't do it.
It grows up. Again with software.
This worm captain, for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home inside of it methodologists.
Not additional manufacturing comes up to this level of software level.
It makes it through combination not of two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations in different focus.
One acts as a structure, the other is the glue or the matrix, by the way.
And this happens through scales.
The silk worm is first of the environment, it creates a tension structure, and then it starts to hide a computer captain.
tension and compression. The two forces of life, they manifest in a single material.
In order to better understand how this complex process works, we pay a small magnet to the head of a silk worm to the head.
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the caption worm of the silk worm captain.
However, by putting the silk worm on a flat patch -- not inside of a box, we realized that he had a flat skin and he still metalls satellite.
So we start designing different environments, different animals, and we have discovered that the way, the composition, the computer, is the structure of the caption, directly by the environment.
They often fall the silk worms to death within their caps, their silk goes down, and it's used in the textile industry.
We saw that by designing these plants, we could shape the crude silk without boiling a single catch.
They were metally metally, and we could create these things.
So we climbed this process to architectural scale.
We had a happy robot making silk plants, and we put ourselves on our site.
We knew that sea worms migrate towards more dark and cold and cold, so we use a solar route to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we create holes or boring, to block the rays of light and the heat of the silk worms on the structure.
We were ready to get the organizations.
We were asking 6,000 dollars of silk to a silk farm online.
And after you feed it four weeks, they were ready to do with us.
We put them carefully on the lower edge, and as they help, they crystalling, they crystallized, they were approaching, they put eggs, they put eggs, and the life starts again, and the life begins again.
Bucky Fuller said that tension is the great integrity, and he was right.
At the Harvard silk relevant silk recorded the relief signal, they give all this pathogenic self-confidence.
And over two or three weeks, over two or three weeks, 6,000 worms of silk take 6,000 miles.
In a curious symmetry -- this is also the length of the silk route as well.
The hills, after the ecology, produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 additional patterns in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A hall silk through a robotic arm, the other full empty gap.
If the last frontier of design is to give life to the products and buildings around us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers must bring these two visions of the world.
Which brings us back, of course, at the beginning.
Here's a new era of design, a new era of creation, which leads us from an inspired design in nature to an inspired nature of us, for the first time, for the first time, to make nature of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Raise your hand if you've ever asked, "What do you want to be from bigger?
If you had to remember how old they had when they first asked them for the first time this?
You can show it with the toes.
three. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five.
Now, raise your hand if the question "What you want to be most?
They've caused some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who never could answer the question, "What do you want to be the biggest?
The problem wasn't that I had any interest, but it had too much.
In school I liked the English, the methods and the arts and the art and developed website. In addition, I was playing the guitar.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And I generally like to try and persist anyway, for having spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time, this feeling of surprise, this feeling of -- this is no longer a challenge, it is going to get back.
And I have to leave it.
But then I'm interested in something else, something completely different, and I am going to absorb myself and I feel "Yes," and I feel "and I have found my mine," and then again this point where I start to stand up.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I'd like to go into that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety, for two reasons.
The first was because I wasn't sure how I was going to turn all this stuff into a career.
I thought I should choose one thing, denied all of my other passions and give me to survive to me.
Another reason that I caused so much anxiety was a little more personal.
I was worried that there was something wrong with this, and something bad for me not to define at all.
I was concerned to be afraid of engagement, or to be fired, or to my own success.
If you can relate my story and these feelings, I'd like to ask you something I would like to have planted then.
Ask themselves, where they learned to assign the meaning of evil or abnormal meaning to do things.
I'll tell you where you learned it, you learned from culture.
We are asked first, "What do you want to be most of the bigger?
When we have five years old.
And the truth is, nobody cares what you tell that age.
It's considered an naive question to bring together cute responses in children like being astronomy or "being a dancer or "I want to be protected."
Try to do the Hollywood design here.
So this question is done over and over again as we grow up in various forms, so you get to high school students, you know, to high school students.
And at some point, "What do you want to be most of the bigger?
It's going to be the wrong exercise of before what the dream takes to us.
Why?
While this issue inspired children to dream with what they might be, not inspired to dream with everything they might be.
In fact, it does just the opposite, because when someone asks you what you want to be, you can't answer with 20 different things, even though adults interested maybe and say, "Oh, oh, what you look, but you can't be an artist, but you can't be an artist.
You've got to choose to choose."
This is Dr. Bob Chinese   And he's an artist.
And this Amy Nino, magazine editor turned into illustration, entrepreneur, teacher and creative director.
But most kids don't hear about people like this.
Everything you hear is that they're going to have to choose.
But it's more than that.
The notion of central life is very imposed in our culture.
It's this idea of fate or real vocabulary, the idea that each of us has something to do during your time in this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate what that thing is and dedicate your life to it.
But what if you're someone who's not connected in this way?
What if there are many different issues that wake up their curiosity and many different things that you want to do?
There is no place for someone like one in that frame.
And so you can feel alone.
You can feel that you don't have a goal.
And feel like there's something wrong with you.
There's nothing wrong with you.
You're a multi-policy.
A multi-performing is somebody with a lot of interest and creative activities.
It's a book that will say.
It could help if you divide in three parts: multiple potential and hand.
You can also use other terms that connect the same idea, as a projection, redefinitive.
During the time of Renaissance, the ideal was who was well dressed in multiple disciplines.
Barbara Shere's refer to us as "excessing."
They use any terms you like or invent yourself.
It seems like a species to adapt to a community, we can't agree with one identity.
It's easy to see multi-performing as a limitation or a limitation that you should be.
But what I've learned talking with people and writing about these ideas on my website, is that there are huge strength of being in this way.
Here are three multi-policies here.
One: the synthesis of ideas.
That is, the combination of two or more fields and the creation of something new in the intersection.
Shena Hungary and Rachel Bina and Rachel Binan expressed their shared interests in cartoon, and data visualization and designers and math and design, as he founded Meladan.
Meline is a company who creates jewelry, geographically inspired jewelry.
She had this unique idea to Sky and Rachel that came up with this single mechanism of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in intersections.
That's where new ideas.
And multiple, with all of their ancestors, can access to a great amount of these intersection points.
The second multi-policies is fast learning.
When the crowd is interested in something, we go to it.
We look at everything we can have in our hands.
We are hearts to be printed, for having been a lot of times in the past, and this means that we have less afraid of testing new things and out of our comfort areas.
A lot of skills are transferred to other disciplines, and we bring everything we've learned to every new area that we press to every new area that we would be able to do in zero.
North DNA is a full-time journey and independent writing.
As a piece of a pianist child, a incredible capacity to develop muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest mechanism.
Before becoming writer, North was financial planning.
He had to learn the most final sales mechanics when he started his practices and this ability to help him write compelling demands for editors entertainment.
It rarely is a waste of time to go to you, even if at the end of it, even if at the end of it.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you couldn't have anticipated.
The third multi-performing superpower is adaptability. It's the ability to transform in anything that you need in a given situation.
Abed Cuba is sometimes director of videos, other websites, websites, sometimes consumer consumer, sometimes consumer technologies, and sometimes apparently, James Bond.
It's valuable because it does good work.
He's even more valuable because he can take a different roles because he can take different roles from the needs.
The magazine Facebook Company defined adaptability as the most important skill for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so rapidly and previously that that are the individuals and organizations that can lead to the needs of market needs, which will actually be proposed.
Insights of ideas, quick learning and adaptable, three skills where the multi-performing are very small, and three skills that could be lost if they're ready to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a great interest to nurture the multi-performing themselves.
We have complex problems, multi-performing problems, and we need creative thinkers.
Let's say they are, in their heart, specialists.
They came out of the wind knowing because they wanted to be a pediatric neurosurgeon.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong with you either.
In fact, some of the best teams come from a specialists and a multi-performing multi-policy.
The specialists can dive deep and put into practice ideas, and the crowd offers a wide of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we all should design lives and careers that are installed with how we are connected.
And unfortunately, the multi-performing largely are just more like their specialized partners.
Once I say this, if there's one thing you take away from this talk, I hope it is this: recognize with the inner wire, whatever it is.
If you're a heart specialist, then, special for all media.
That's where you give the best of you.
But for the crowd in the room, including those who just realized to be one of them in the last 12 minutes --  I said, recognize with their many passions passions.
Follow your curiosity for those container marathons.
You explore the intersection.
To embrace our internal wiring leads to a more authentic and happy lives.
And perhaps most importantly, multi-performing, the world needs us.
Thank you.
In the year 2001, a woman named the Australia led to a psychiatrist in French.
Australian was defeated and couldn't remember even the most basic details of his life.
His doctor was called Alanda.
Australians didn't know how to help Australia, but she was coming through her until, unfortunately, he passed in 1906.
After his death, Alice did a automotive and they found weird plates and they found strange plate and one guy had never seen.
The most surprising thing.
If August had been alive today, we could not give it more help than Allian gave 144 years ago.
Allen was Dr. Alan Alzheimer's Dr.
And Australia Desert, the first patient in receiving a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer's disease.
Since 2001, medicine has advanced a lot.
They have discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect them, many treatments for cancer, artists for cancer, states for the cards and so much more.
But shortly has been progress in the Alberto treatment.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer's cure for more than a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
Alzheimer's now affects 40 million around the world.
But in 2050, it will affect 150 million that, by the way, include many of you.
If you wait to live until the 85 years or more, the possibility of Alzheimer's will be almost one in every two.
In other words, there is the chance that they spend their years their years with Alzheimer's or helping to take care of a friend or be loved with Alzheimer's or washed.
It's only only in America, Alzheimer's care, 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of the medical assistance is spent in the Alzheimer's disease.
Today is the most expensive disease today is the most expensive, and its costs for the rise of five times in 2050, as it comes to the generation of the boom.
It may surprise you, but Alzheimer's is one of the biggest medical challenges of our generation.
But it's done relatively little to fight it.
So today, one of the top 10 causes of death from all over the world, Alzheimer's is the only one you can't prevent, cure or even slow your development.
We understand less than Alzheimer's disease, because we've invested less time and money in the same research of the same.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year every year in the cancer research that in the Alzheimer's cancer despite the fact that the Alzheimer's and causes a similar number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause, the lack of consciousness.
Because this is what people know, but everyone should have such a world, Alzheimer's disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 14 years, all of them even scientists, scientists confuse Alzheimer's with aging.
We think that will become sensitive in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But you can only look at a picture of a healthy aging brain compared to an Alzheimer's patient to see the actual physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to design a severe loss of memory and mental skills, damage to the brain caused by significantly reducing life expectancy and it's always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer's found plates and weird of the brain of August a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know a lot about this.
Today we know that they're made of molecules of proteins.
You can think of a protein molecule as a piece of paper that folds like a origami.
There are places in paper that are penis.
And when it folds good, these sticky dots end up inside the inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots are left in the outside.
This causes the protein molecules to fold each other, forming groups that can form big plates and governments.
That's what we see in the patients with Alzheimer's brain.
We've spent the last 10 years at the University of Cambridge trying to understand how this dysfunction works.
There are a lot of steps, and the identification of what step to block is complex, like deforestation a bomb.
Cut a wire could do nothing.
Compared to others can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that blocked it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, most of you have reduced the wires and hopefully the best.
But now there's a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, genesis, chemicals, physicists, engineers, engineers and mathematics.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process. It's now testing a new kind of drugs that blocked specifically this step to stop disease.
Let me show you some of our last results.
No one outside our lab has seen it yet.
Let's see a few videos of what happened when we tested these drugs.
These are the healthy worms -- and you can see that they move with normal.
These worms on the other hand, they have protein molecules that are past each other within them, as in the Alzheimer's with Alzheimer's.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But by giving our new drugs to these worms on an early stage, then we see that healing and they live normal life.
This is just a positive basic outcome, but research like this shows that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 144 years of hope, there's real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years.
But to grow that hope, to sell the Alzheimer's, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to convince us that Alzheimer's is a disease and if we try to make it, we can sell it.
In the case of other diseases, patients and their families have increased more research and exercise pressure about governments, pharmaceutical industry, about scientists and legislation.
That was essential to progress in HIV treatment in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to sell cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't talk for themselves.
And their families, the hidden victims, the caregivers of their loved day and night, they're often too desperate to go out and advocate for change.
So, it really depends on you.
The Alzheimer's isn't a genetic disease.
Everyone with a brain runs the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Australia, who can't create the change they need for themselves.
They help by talking for them, and help us demanding a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article at the New York City Modern Long Times, in January this year.
To love someone, I do this.
The article is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and my own experience to try to test myself one night last summer.
So the procedure is pretty simple: two strange questions to make up more and more personal questions, and then both of you look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple questions of example.
Number 12, if you could wake up tomorrow tomorrow or skill, what would it be?
Number 28, when it was the last time I cried to another person?

As a result, these are increasingly personally.
Number 30 -- this really -- I like to give you a couple of your partner what you thank you or she -- I know very honest this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say to someone you've ever met.
When I stumbled with this study a few years ago, a detail really called my attention, the joke that two of the participants had been married six months later, and invited all over the lab to the ceremony.
So it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but of course, it was also intrigued as well.
And when I had the chance to test this study, with someone who knew not particularly well, I didn't expect to fall in love.
Not yet, we fell in love, and I thought it was a good story, so I sent it to the Moon Museum a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's already aggressive, so I guess some of you probably ask, are you probably asked, are they still asked, are they still about?
And the reason I think you're questioning this is because I have done this question over and over over the last seven months.
And this is exactly what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the subject.
A week before it was published, the article was very nervous.
I had been working on a romantic book in the last few years, so I had been asked to write about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog entrance can get to a few hundred views as a lot, and those were usually just about my Facebook friends and imagine that my article in the New York Times would get probably a few thousand views.
And that makes a good care of attention to a relatively new relationship.
But as he said, he had no idea.
The article was published online by the night, and already the Saturday settler, this was in my blog traffic.
And the Sunday Shoe has already called me the State South American Google.
In a month, the article received over eight million views, and I was going to say something, and I was a little bit prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster trust writing on their own self-experience, but another thing is to discover that the life of a has been international news, and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people call or write, what they did every day for weeks -- they always did the same question: still did the same question: still follow together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I did a quick search on the mailbox of my email with the phrase, "Do you still follow together?
And several messages appeared immediately.
They were from students and journalists and strangers like this.
I was interviewed in radio and asked them to ask.
Even I gave a talk, and a woman died to the stage, "Hey Mandela where your boy is born?
And I immediately got red.
I understand this is part of the deal.
If you write about your relationship in an international day, you should expect people to feel comfortable about it.
But I wasn't prepared for the research of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have lived life.
In fact, the New York Times published a complementary article for San Valley, who included the experience of readers by testing the study in them with different degrees of success.
So my first impulse to all this attention was to be very reserved with my own relationship.
I said not to every request that we both make public emergence together.
He came up with television interviews, and they got rid of the pictures of the pictures of us two.
I think I was afraid of becoming the individual icons of the process of income -- a range of a range that I didn't feel at all.
And I understand that people didn't want to know just if the study worked, they wanted to know whether it was actually working, or whether it was able to produce perfect love, not just an adventure, but real love, a perfect love.
But this was a question that I didn't feel capable of answer.
My relationship had just just a few months, and I felt, especially that people asked the wrong question.
How do you know if we would stay together or not, and also tell them about it?
If the answer was not, I would make the experience of doing these 36 less interesting questions in the answer.
Dr. Arthur Arab wrote first about these questions in 1997, and there, the researcher goal was not to produce romantic love.
And instead of that, I was looking for interpersonal approach between college students, using what Iran called software called software and progressive and receiver.
Sounds romantic, right?
But the study does work.
The participants felt closer to it. Several strong studies also used to use the American Richard Protocell Protection as a quick way of creating trust and interaction between strangers.
They've used it between members of police and the community, and they've used it between people from opposite political ideology.
The original version of the story, which I tried last summer, who combined personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was quoted in this paper, but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a little liberal arts university, and then one student came up to me and said to me with a story, and he said to me with the significance: I tried the studio and it didn't work.
He seemed decisive for it.
And I said, "Do you mean you love with the person who did it?
Well, he made a break.
I think she only wants us to be friends.
And I said, "But did you become better friends?
Did you feel that you could know better after testing the study?
The attention.
So, I worked, I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer he was looking for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love.
I hit the study for the first time when I first had 29 and I was bringing a really hard separation.
I had had that relationship since I had 20, I was supposed to virtually all my adult life, and he was my first real love, and he had no idea how or she could live without him.
So I became a science.
I investigate all I could find about the science of romantic love, and I expected that that could somehow vaccinate the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the moment I thought I was just researching for the book that I wrote, but in retrospect, it seems really obvious.
I thought if I was obsessed with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel so bad, and I used to feel like then.
And this whole knowledge has been useful in one way.
I'm more patient with love. I'm more relaxed.
I have more confidence to do what I look for.
But I can also see me more clearly, and I can realize that what I look for is sometimes more than what you rarely demanded to me.
What I look for love is a garden, not just being loved today and being loved tomorrow, but that will remain indicator individually by the person I love.
It may be the guarantee that people asked when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that media told media about 36 questions is that there may be a shortcut to love.
There may be a shape for some way to mitigate some of the implicit risk, and this is a very intriguing story, because love makes us feel wonderful, but it's also frightening.
But I think when it comes to love, we are very willing to accept the short version of history.
And the version of the story is, they still follow together?
And his content with a S or not.
So more than one question, I would propose that we ask more difficult questions, like, how do you decide who deserves your love and who is it?
How do we stay in love when things are complicated when things are complimented and disturbing?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably causes a relationship, or even more, how do you live with the doubt of your partner?
I don't know necessarily the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good beginning to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love somebody.
So if you want the brief version of my relationship, it's this: a year ago, a well-known and I applied a study and I applied a study designed to create romantic love, we still fall together, and I'm very happy.
But fall is not the same thing to stay in love.
Love is the easy part.
So at the end of my article wrote, love didn't happen.
We keep in love because we take the choice of it.
And I was a bit of a bit of a little bit of it now, not because it's true, but because at the time, I had not considered anything that was supposed to do that choice.
I don't consider how many times we have both to make that decision, and how many times I keep doing that choice without knowing before he always chose me or not.
I want it to be enough to have done and answer 36 questions, have chosen to love someone so large, nice and fun and have expressed that choice in the largest newspaper in the United States.
But what I've done, instead is turning my relationship into the kind of myth that I don't really believe true.
And what I look for, and what I might spend my life looking for is that myth to be true.
I want the happy ending implicit in the title of my paper, which is, by the way, the only part of the article that I didn't really write.
But what I have instead is the opportunity to choose love to somebody, and hope that he will also love me, and it's terrifying but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by some legislation on the mountain and in a certain way I got a forest of the forest.
The city of New York City is a time ago.  Something that really affected me but more details later.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
I took a wooden box, and I got a dollar bill from a dollar, a pen and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado in Colorado.
And I thought that some strange humans or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later, and they learn how our species would exchange ideas, for example, how we eat spaces.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it has funny because here I am, 30 years later, and I'm still making boxes.
At one time I was in Hawaii, I was in Hawaii -- I like to get survived and surrounded and all those weird things -- and I was doing a collection for my mother.
And I took a dictionary and I threw all of the pages and I made a kind of crime clips to the Again Martin style -- Angeles Martin and a bee was carried up to the resident and a bee left.
Well, my mother has fear of bees and is allergic to them, so I added more resin, and I think I could hide it in the canvas, thinking I could hide it up.
Instead, the opposite happened: somehow it seemed to increase the size as if you look at the text with a magnifying light.
So I did? I built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, frogs strange bottles that I was finding on the street, everything that I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate to them and tell stories about these objects.
So I got to draw around the objects, and I realized that God can draw in space.
I can flow through the broads, drawing the same way around a card on the scene of crime.
And I took objects and I created my own species of species of species.
First, the chocolates you can do an idea.
Then I made a few insects and strange creatures.
It was very fun to draw in the waste layers of the resistance.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and those things, and I was making some money, and I was earning some money, for example, to go to my girlfriend to dinner, for example, going to Victorian.
It was great, man.
At some point I'm interested interested in the human form, natural size sculptures with drawings of human beings within the layers.
It was great, except for one thing: me.
I didn't know what to do, because the resonance was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing in the glass layers, similar to the drawing in a window, then another window, and another window, and another window, and I had all these windows that formed a three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and so I could stop using the resin, and I could stop using the resin, and I could stop using the resin, and so on.
So I did this for years, and my piece of cultivation with something very big -- I call a "pastin."
For the astronomer, I was inspired by the "addition of Harvard Belt "The Deliberand of Delivering Deception of Prince in Spain.
Do you know it?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of their time.
Well, the totality. I'll explain this piece.
It weighs 11,000 pounds.
5.5 meters long.
It has double face, so it's 10 meters of composition.
It's a bit weird.
Well, that's the source of blood.
On the left, there is Jesus and the large.
There's a cave where all of these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds.
They go from the representation world to this analog strain infrastructure, where they hide.
This is where creatures with animals are headed up to the face, ready to suicide to shame in the ocean.
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements.
This is a bird god attached to a heart.
Billy Graham is in the sea, the Horizon Peter platform -- Warmardish -- Walker Redwood relaxed the Red Big Laden. There are all kinds of rare things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
But also a kind of a creature as well.
It's coming out of the ocean, and I spit oil in a hand while the other hand comes out of clouds.
Their hands are like blocks, and it seems like a military that holds Earth and the cosmos in balance.
So it's a aspect of the topic."
It's a bit of a narrative.
That's the hand that I spit in.
And then, when you go to the other side, it has a proposal, like a bird of bird -- and screens of this competition.
It also has a 500 feet long.
But anyway, his tail is the tail for the point on a fly.
I don't know why that happened.
Things that happen, you know.
His tail ended up in an eye cell balloon made from terrorist cards of 1986 terrorist cards.
Have you seen them?
They were done in the 1980s, as if they were baseball cards of the terrorists.
Very ahead of your time.  This leads me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects. One called psychopaths."
This is a six-year-old project to do 100 of these human beings.
Each one is an archive of our culture, through media and materials are encyclopedia or dictionaries or magazines or magazines.
But each act as a kind of file file, and they travel in a group of 20, and travel in groups, four or 12 at once.
They're like cells, they're together, they're divided.
And you can walk between them. It's taking me years.
Each one is basically a microscope of microscope that weighs 1,300 pounds with a human trapped inside.
This has a little cave in the chest.
That's the head, it's the chest.
I'm going to get you from the rest of the body, and there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and it covers the penis or non-lethal, or whatever it is, a kind of an angiogenesis thing.
It's a quick refresher of these works because I can't explain them for a long time.
We have layers, you can see.
This is a body party in half.
This has two heads -- and it's communicating between the two.
There are some pills that go out and go into the head of this strange statue in this strange statue of this strange statue there.
There's a little forest inside of the body civilization.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, just like the boxes we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box. It's called Prince Words.
Inside this box is a physical, a neuroscientist, a painter, a music, a music, a radio, a radio, a school, a school, the whole content we do in the world, and a garden.
We put the box and all the people inside of the chain with each other as particles.
And I think that's the way to change the world.
When you redefine who you are and the box you are living in.
And together we get to realize that we are all together in this, that this illusion that we're different, these concepts of countries, of religion, of religion, doesn't work.
We're all very facts of the same matter and in the same box.
And if we don't start to exchange those things with subjective and genetically we're going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you give your head?
Take a guess.
But for this pill to have an effect against pain, first passes through the stomach, the gut and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective and illusional system for any medication in the body.
The defense, though, is that by bringing it any drug down.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients.
When they take antiretroviral drugs, these are they to decrease the amount of viruses in blood, and increase the concept of CO2 cells.
But they're also known for their adverse side effects, mostly negative because in time they take to the blood stream, they diagnose, and worse even for the time they take to their destination, which is where it's more important, in the HIV warehouse.
These are regions of the body as the lymph lymph lymph genomes, the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is individually, and it doesn't easily enter the blood corner of the patients that are subjected to the regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs.
But after treatment interaction, the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the big problem of HIV treatment with current drug treatment that is a treatment of life administrative for her will.
One day, I sat down and I thought, "Could we make the treatment directly to the design of the viruses without the risk of drugs?
As a scientific scientist, the answer was in front of me, the lasers, of course.
If you use in dentistry, for the care of the drill and the surgery of the diabetes, they can be used for anything imagined.
In fact, we're already using laser pulses to open or drill extremely small holes, which open and close it almost immediately infected cells with HIV to introduce drugs.
The best you ask yourself, "How is that possible?
We send a little laser and powerful laser in the HIV membrane, while these cells are embedded in a liquid in a liquid that contains drugs.
The laser through the cell, while the cell absorbs the drug in the matter of microscope.
Before I even realized, the hole is remarkably repair immediately.
We're currently testing this technology in vitro or in Peter plates, but the goal is to take this technology into the human body, apply it to the human body.
"How is that possible? You can ask questions.
Well, the answer is: through a device of three heads.
With the first head, which is our laser, we will do an incident on the site of infection.
The second head, which is a camera, is headed to the infection.
Finally, the third head, an injection that distributes drug -- releases it directly at the site of the infection, as the laser uses again to keep the cells.
Well, this doesn't seem a lot of time.
But one day, if it's successful, this technology can lead to the complete eradication of HIV in the body.
Yeah. A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all researcher researcher in our case, in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've been studying armed groups, non-lethal organizations like terrorists, insurgents or impressions.
I document what these groups do when they're not speaking.
My goal is to understand better to these generous genes of violence and study ways to encourage the transition of violent participation to nonviolent confrontation, non-violent conflict.
I work in the politics world and the library world and the library.
Understanding these groups is key to solve almost every conflict in course, because war has changed.
It used to be a dispute between states.
No.
Now it's a conflict between states and non-state actors.
For example, from the 266 peace are signed between 1975, 1919 and 2011, 1960 signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we need to understand these groups, we even need to be involved in these groups, or defeat them into any successful conflict process.
But how do you do that?
We need to know what motivates these organizations.
We know very well the reasons why they fight it, but no one analyzes what they do when they don't fight.
The armed struggle and politicians are not armed to each other.
It's all part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less declined, without global vision.
The armed groups today are complex organizations.
For example, the Honor Liberians, known for his violent face against Israel.
From its creation in the 1980s, Honolian has also established a political game, a social service network has also established a social season.
Likewise, the Palestinian Hampshites, known by his suicide attacks against Israel and Islamic attacks.
So these groups are more than simply shooting out.
They're multiplicating.
They set up a complex computer machinery stations, radio stations, TV channels on the Internet website, and strategies on social networks.
And here you have the ISIS magazine, printed in English and published to recover.
So armed groups also invest in a complex background, without savings, but by retrofitting reflective business, for example, construction companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, to increase their funds, to increase their funds.
armed groups also do something else: create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they manage hospitals -- they make a program of professional training programs or microscope.
Henry offers all these services and more.
armed groups also try to conquer the population offering something that is not going to be security and security and protection.
The rise of Taliban in an Afghanistan ruled by war or even the beginning of the rise of Islands, it can also understand the efforts of these groups to provide security.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an incredibly elevated price for the population.
But in general, providing social services means filling a vacuum, a gap left by the government, and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the election victory of 2006, Palestinian Hamana can't understand without recognizing the social work of the group.
It's a really complex stage, even in the West, when we look at armed groups, we only think of the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, the strategy or the long-term vision.
These groups are hurricane.
They grow because they're left by gaps left by the government, and they emerge as armed groups, political and political groups, they participate in violent struggle and give governance.
And the more complex and sophisticated and software these organizations, less we can catalog them as something against a state.
How do we call a group like Henry like Henry?
Tell them of a territory, they manage all of their functions -- collect the garbage of it, collect the garbage system.
Is it state? Is it a region of a region?
Or maybe it's another thing, something new and different.
And what is ISNA?"
The lines are developed.
We live in a world of states, of nations without state and hearts, and the more weak they are the states, like in the Middle East, the more they intervene and fill that gap.
This is important for governments, because to counter these groups will have to invest more in not military tools.
filling that government gap has to be at the center of any sustainable approach.
This is really important to establish and consider peace.
If we understand the armed groups better, we will understand what incentives to offer to the transition to promote violence transition to no violence.
In this new dispute between states and non-state actors, military power can win some battle, but it won't give us peace or stability.
To achieve these targets, we need long-term investments to fill that security vacuum vacuum vacuum rate that allowed these groups to thrive in a beginning.
Thank you.
I'm a family as a woman and a female and as a feminist.
My opinions equality about gender equality are very often, but fear that will open the "emission that would be unfair.
I'm a feminist but pretty bad.
And so I am so sexually attractive.
Or, at least, I wrote an article and a book called "The Bad Feminia, and then on the interviews, people started calling me the Malay Feminist.
So what started as a personal joke of myself and a deliberate creation, it has become more big.
Let me take a step back.
When I was young, especially in my youth and at the age of 20 years old, I had strange ideas about the feminist women about the feminist women, these hairy women, angry with men and hated sex.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and anger, in particular, seems a perfectly reasonable answer.
But at the time, I was worried about the tone who was using people when he was going to be a feminist.
Being tagged as a feminist was a character, a taboo and taboo word.
I was labeled as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, which he asked too much, with high self-esteem.
No one wants to be that woman, until you realize that it's actually that woman, and you can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I was growing up, I started accepting that I am, in fact, feminist that I am, in fact, a feminist.
To me, certain claims are inspired, women are equal to men.
We deserve the same way for the same job.
We have right to travel around the world as we do, free open or violence.
We have right to use in easy ways and accessible the contraceptives and reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, without legislative control or explosive doctrines or devices.
We have the right to respect.
There's more.
When you talk about women's needs, you have to account for our other identities, and you have to tell our other identities.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, expression of gender and religion and religion and sexuality and skills and a lot more.
We need to realize these differences and how they affect us, in the same way that what we have in common.
Without this kind of including, our feminism is nothing.
For me, these truths are evident, but to be clear, I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contractions.
There are lots of things that make me a bad feminist bad.
I have another conference.
When I drive the work, I listen to rap music provide every volume.
Even though the letter gave women and offered me, the classic "The School Shakespeare" of the City Anderson The And is amazing.
Make it reality with your weight chart.
Parachute, give me a move until you get the shop."
Think about it.
Pure poetry, right?
I'm completely much mortality for my musical taste.
I firmly believe in the work of man, which is all I don't want to do, including --  -- all the domestic tasks -- but also killing insects, the charge of garbage collection, the care of space and the maintaining of machinery.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
I enjoy fashion magazines and nice things.
I can see "The Bachelled and romantic comedy -- and I have a fantastic fantasy of the stories that make them true.
Some of my crime is more disappeared.
If a woman wants to adopt his husband, he is his choice, and I'm not who to judge to retire.
If a woman decides to stay at home to raising his kids, I accept that choice, too.
The problem isn't that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice, the problem is that society is confused so that women are economically vulnerable when they choose to be economically vulnerable when they choose to be.
Let's solve this problem.
And I reject the conventional feminist that has ignored or descended historically the needs of women, workers and grains and trans and translations, for white women, straight, heterosexual women, and high middle class.
Listen, if that's good feminist, I'm a very bad feminist feminist.
It also happens the following thing: As a feminist feels a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency to put down feminist feminist in a period.
We expect them to go to the perfect.
When we are disappointed with a lot of love from the same period where we put them.
As I say, I'm a disaster -- I think I was a disaster -- I've already got to get out there.
Too many women, particularly innovative innovators and the leaders of the sector, are afraid of being labeled as feminists.
They are afraid to stand up and say, "Yes, I'm feminist: for fear of what that tag means not to be able to do with little realistic expectations.
Let's take Beijing, or as I call it, the God.
In the last few years, it's a declared feminist feminist in the last few years.
In the video Music Adds in 2014, in TEDster on the Mandela word of three meters tall.
It was a magnificent show, to see this pop star openly embracing the feminist and making women know the women and the young men who are feminist is something to be proud.
Last the time, cultural critics started international debates if Bell was or not exactly feminist.
They were rating their feminist instead of simply believing the word of a adult and mature woman.
We demand perceptions, because we're still fighting for a lot, we want a lot of us -- we want a lot of us -- we need so far as a lot of we need us.
We're going to go far beyond the sensible and constructive criticism to design the feminist of any woman -- it will make it no left.
We don't need to do that.
The bad feminist, or rather, a more inclusive feminist is the point.
But what happens next?
We just have to get out of our implications to tell you, go to action and be a little bit more brave.
If I listen to democratic music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more happy by providing an unlimited supply.
These artists will not change their way of talking about women in their songs until we run the change by changing effectively to their profit.
It's certainly hard.
Why does his music be so present?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice.
But when bad decisions are justify that makes it harder for women to achieve equality, equality that we all deserve.
I think of my nieces in three and four years.
It's two magnificent girls, decided and bright and also very brave.
Where you look at the strong creatures that they are.
I think of them, all of a sudden, the best option is released as something much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program is treating sexual violence against women as sports as sports -- it is the Tree Game game.
We can change radio emissions when we hear songs that treat women as nothing.
We can spend our money to go to the cinema in another part when movies don't treat women more than as a decorative objects.
We can stop supporting the professional sports where athletes treat their classmates as board sheets.
In any case, men, especially white men, heterosexual men can say, "No, I'm not going to publish in their magazine, to participate in their project, or working with you, until it doesn't include a sufficient number of women, so much to participate in the way to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your publication or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people.
Those of us who are surrounded up but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also deny to be included until more like us are welcome to the barriers to the decision position.
Because we are not a little bit worse -- without these efforts, without adopting these positions, our achievements are going to mean very little.
We can make these little vacuum acts and hope that our decisions come to the top, to the people in the direct power and movie producers and movie producers and music, CEOs, the legislators, people who can make big decisions, more courageous to create lasting and meaningful change.
We can also claim our feminist of our feminist, well, bad, or any driver.
The last line of my book "Symphony Feyter," he says, "I'd prefer to be a bad feminist not at all.
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I say, especially because it was my voice, I was stolen and the feminist helped me to pick up it.
There was an incident.
I call it an incident to deal with what happened.
A few guys folded up when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
They treated me as if it was nothing.
I started to believe that it was nothing.
They stole my voice, and after all I did not believe that I could say something that could matter.
But I was writing.
And I went back to me.
I was reminded in a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and women who looked like me and understand what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that was nothing.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful than what you can measure.
Through writing and feminist, I also discovered that if it was a little courageous -- another woman could hear and look and realize that none of us is the nothing that the world tries to tell us that we are.
In a hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And in the other, I support the humble reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist -- I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my way of thinking, what I say and what I do, without abandoning everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same thing.
I hope we can all be a little brave. When you get more valuable.
Right after Christmas last year, 130 children in California had survived to have visited Disney or to be exposed to someone who had been there.
The virus then went through the border with Canada, infected over 100 children in Obama.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal for a child with a weakened immune system, it's one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There's an effective vaccine against this for over half a century, but many of the kids involved in the Dynowler outbreak. But many of the children involved in the Dynowler outbreak.
But a moment, it wasn't the article that unleashed the police about autism and the vaccine vaccines, declared and marked by being a deliberate fraud by the British Medical Journalist: Journal Jefferson"
Do you believe most intelligent scientists that the theory that vaccines cause autism is a stable?
I think most of you know, but millions of parents around the world continue to fear that vaccines put in danger to their children to have an autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the estimates of autism in time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and pediatrician who had heard about it, create all their professional life without seeing a single case.
For decades, prevalence estimates only three or four children for every 10,000 children for every 10,000 children.
But then, in the 1990s, the numbers started to shoot up.
Connections of fundraising sense like Australian Spain -- they refer to autism as an epidemic, as if it could be contained from another child in Dishim.
What's going on?
If it's not vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people at the Disease Center Center of Atlanta, what is going on, tend to be based on phrases as an extra diagnostic criteria and a better challenge detection for these growing numbers.
But that kind of language is not a lot of the fears of a young mother looking for the face of his two year-old son to the visual contact, the visual contact.
If the diagnostic criteria had to wonder, why were they so reduced at the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s?
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less than to do with slow and slow progress of science than with the seductive power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is and how we discovered, but that story turned out to be fake, and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact on global public health.
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had lost and forgotten in the dark corners of the clinical literature.
This second story tells us all about how we get here, and where we have to go.
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist -- Leo Kanaek, from the Johns Hopkins Hospital in 1949, Kandela published an article that describes 11 young patients that seemed to be private worlds, there seemed to be private worlds -- even their own parents.
They could fun for hours by holding their hands into their faces, but they were prey from the panic for mentalists like when they didn't put their favorite toy in their room without knowing them.
On the basis of patients treated in their clinic, Kanneto speculated that autism is very rare.
In the 1950s, as the main authority of the world's main authority in the subject, declare that he had seen less than 150 real cases of his syndrome as it picked reference as far as South Africa.
This is really not extremely, because the criteria in the autism of autism were very residential.
For example, I was able to give that diagnosis to children with conveniences, but now we know that epidemic is very common in autism.
He once had caught that he had turned to nine in every 10 children sent by other doctors to his office to be autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Kanada was a smart man, but part of her theories were not certainty.
They classify autism as a form of child psychologists caused by cold and descended parents.
These kids, he said, has been carefully maintained in a refrigerator.
At the same time, Kanneto noticed that some of his young patients had special skills that clustered in certain areas like music, mathematics and memory.
One of the kids in his clinic could distinguish between 18 symphony before they turned two years.
When her mother put one of his favorite records on his favorite record, he correctly said, "Beater."
But Kanada had a bad opinion of these skills, looking at things like the kids were just recovering what they had heard to their periods of little parents, desperate to win their approach.
As a result, autism became source of embarrassment for families, and two generations of autism children were sent to institutions for their own good, becoming invisible to the world's world.
Amazingly, it wasn't until the 1970s, the researchers started to try to test Kong theory that autism was weird.
Lord Winning, cognitive psychologist of London, I thought that the theory of Kardhi mothers from Kanzi was pretty stupid.
She and her husband John were warm people and he was affected, and they had a deep autistic daughter called Susan.
Lord and John knew how hard it was to raise a little girl like Susan without support services, without special education, and without access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend the National Health Service, they had more resources for autistic children and their families, Louise and his family, Judy and his colleague Judith and they decided to do something that should be done 30 years before.
They did a research study in the general population.
They felt a suburb from London called Carnegie to try to find the autistic kids in the community.
What you saw away from the Karadan model was too limited.
Some kids couldn't talk at all, whereas others were engaged in their fascination by the astrophysicist, in the distances or in the dinosaurs of the response.
Otherwise, these kids didn't fit in beautiful frames and standing in standard frames as Judy, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the Kanneto monolithic model, would have predicted.
At first, they were lost to try to make sense of their data.
How did no one have been stuck from these children before?
But then Lord found a reference to an article published in German in 1944, the next year, the next year, the Kanada article in 1944, and then forget, buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Kanda knew about this article of competition, but he avoided it surprised it in his own work.
There was not even a translation to the English, but luckily, the husband of Lord spoke German, and he translated it for her.
The document offers an alternative history of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Association, who would run a clinic integrated with an internal school in Vienna, in the 1930s.
The idea of Asperger's ideas for the teaching of learning were progressive even for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic, they started with the classes of exercise with music, and kids followed their games on the afternoon.
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism to associated with it as political disabilities for life that require compassionate forms of support and adapted spaces during the course of all life.
Instead of treating kids in their clinic as patients, Asperger's calls their little teachers their little teachers, and he was going to help us in developing methods of education that were especially appropriate to them.
Finally, Addressing saw autism as a diverse continuum that had an amazing variety of donors and disabilities.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common, and they've always been watching it, watching aspects of this continuum in architectures known in pop culture, like the awkward social scientists and the teacher destroyed.
He was beyond even to say, that for success in science and art, a piece of autism is essential.
Lord and Juda found that Kanada was wrong when autism was interconnected, as the parents were carefully.
In the next few years, they worked on silence with the U.S. Association of Psychologist to expand the criteria of the diagnosis that reflect the diversity of what they called autistic spectrum.
By the end of the '90s and early '90s, their changes came in in the mixed 1990s, and their changes came in in the mixed and inclusive model of Kanadan by a broad and inclusive.
These changes didn't fall in a broken sand.
In particular, when London and Juda worked between batteries to reform these creatures, people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before "Dan Man in 1988, he was just a little circle, in 1988, just a little circle, to get to know what the autism was, but after the United States act of Dustnash Dutch as Ramadan Babbage and the recognition of Ramasca Man with four prizes of Academy, pediatrician passengers, teachers and fathers around the world.
At the same time, the first easy clinical evidence of using to diagnose autism.
I should no longer have a connection with that little experts cycle to make a diagnosis for her son.
The combination of Ramasca Man: the changes in the criteria and the introduction of these tests created an effect of network, a perfect storm of autism awareness.
The number of diagnoses started to get up, like London and Judy, actually hoped that it was going to be able to get people with autism and their families eventually would have autism and their families finally get the support and the services that are described.
So Andrew Wathart came to blame vaccines for the increase in the diagnosis. One simple, powerful, sensitive story and the Karajan theory was interrelated.
If today's current estimates that one in 68 children in America are in the spectrum, it's right, autistic are one of the world's largest microbial groups in the world.
In the last few years, autistic people have joined on the Internet to reject the idea that they are the puzzles for solving for the new medical advances -- by taking the term neuroscientists to celebrate the varieties of human cognition.
One way to understand neuroscience is to think of in terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows does not mean it's broken.
According to autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily distributed, obviously social, and it suffers from attention to the details.
No doubt people have difficulties to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still getting to Adarcan, which creates the cure for the most inclusive aspects of autism are in the understanding of teachers, employers with ability, support communities, support communities, and parents with faith in their children.
An autistic woman named Christian Zakows once said, "We need all the hands in cover to end the boat of humanity.
As we navigate towards an uncertain future, we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges that we face as society.
We can't afford to waste a brain.
Thank you.
